0,"Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are Auctioning Off a Dinner Date  Ever wanted to discuss whether both Jack and Rose could have fit on that raft with the actual Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet ? Well, you're in luck. At least if you've got some money on hand and are feeling generous.  Twenty years after their tragic onscreen love story ended, the Titanic costars are reuniting for a good cause: At this year's Auction Gala, hosted by the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, one lucky bidder will have the chance to have a private dinner with Jack and Rose—erm, Leo and Kate—at the NYC restaurant of their choosing sometime in October or November, People reports .  The star-studded event is set to take place in St. Tropez on July 26, and proceeds from the dinner and auction will go to support environmental causes via the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation. According to People , last year's gala raised $45 million, and the Foundation has reportedly donated over $80 million in environmental grants since its conception in 2008. Proceeds from the dinner with DiCaprio and Winslet, specifically, will also be put toward the Golden Hat Foundation, which benefits children with autism and their families, and a GoFundMe campaign that Winslet is involved with that's attempting to raise money to help a young mother in the U.K. afford cancer treatment.  In addition to getting the chance to bid on dinner with the greatest doomed onscreen couple of our time, gala guests will be treated to a special performance by Lenny Kravitz. According to a statement from the Gala, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo will also be in attendance to receive the ""New World Leadership Award"" in honor of her “innovative approach to making Paris a model for sustainable urban living and design,” People adds.  If last year's guest roster was any indication, the invite list rivals the likes of the Met Gala and the Academy Awards. Past attendees have included Bono, Chris Rock, Mariah Carey, Tobey Maguire, Jonah Hill, Naomi Campbell, Bradley Cooper, and Edward Norton. And according to E!, this year's list of chairpeople for the event includes Madonna, Cate Blanchett, Emma Stone, Marion Cotillard, Tom Hanks, Jared Leto, Penélope Cruz, and Kate Hudson, among others.  For anyone who didn't make the invite list (or doesn't have hundreds of thousands of dollars to shell out on a single dinner) but still wants the chance to sit next to DiCaprio, try your luck at flights from Los Angeles to St. Tropez: Word on the street is that he's flying commercial to the event. "
1,"Selena's Pals Want Justin Bieber Back To Being An Ex Justin Bieber certainly wasn’t “Sorry” when Selena Gomez broke things off with pop star The Weeknd so he could swoop back in — but her friends were!  “Selena getting back together with Justin is a total disaster!” a friend told The National ENQUIRER.  Insiders are convinced that the Biebs’ booze-filled bad behavior are sure to create a deadly cocktail for 25-year-old Selena.  “She was finally on a healthy path again and getting her life in order,” said our source, following Selena’s kidney transplant.  “This is a guy who’s been a terrible influence on her for years, and the last thing she needs is to get sucked back under his spell!” "
2,"Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married  The couple were in a ""Saturday Night Live"" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube  Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have sparked some speculation that they got secretly married after stepping out with rings on their fingers in late October, and the engaged couple continued to fan the flames on ""Saturday Night Live.""  Cyrus, 24, performed two songs as the musical guest on Saturday's episode of the NBC sketch show. Her ring finger was especially noticeable during ""I Would Die For You,"" her second performance of the night.  Miley is still sporting two rings. Saturday Night Live/NBC  Hemsworth, 27, surprised fans with a cameo in a ""The Price Is Right"" sketch earlier in the night, but his left hand was covered throughout the whole thing. But at the end of the evening, as everyone clapped and said good night, a band could be spotted on his ring finger.  Some eagle-eyed fans spotted the rings on their fingers.  Now, this isn't the first time both have stepped out with bling on their ring fingers.  Back in August 2017, Hemsworth was spotted with the gold band on his finger, but sources told E! News that the ring was worn as a ""'promise' to Miley."" As for Cyrus' rings, she began wearing her engagement ring that Hemsworth first proposed with in 2012 after the two reconciled in 2016. She was spotted with a second ring on the finger in October, according to Glamour.  But Cyrus has spoken about her views on marriage, and doesn't seem too keen on tying the knot just yet.  In a recent interview with The Sun on Sunday, according to a report from The Daily Mail, Cyrus said she wants to wait a bit before getting married.  ""I don't envision marriage. I'm 24. I hope I get to live a little bit more,"" she said. ""I have too much living to do [before I get married]. I have no idea what the next three years will bring, but if it's possible to get even happier, I'll take it.""  For an in-depth look at their whirlwind romance, read our relationship timeline.  "
3,"Kim Kardashian Suffering 'Epic' Meltdown Over Cellulite on Her Butt  After allegedly struggling to silence body-shamers following those nearly-bare butt bikini photos from her Mexican getaway, Kim is 'in tears' over the situation. Kim Kardashian was said to be trying pretty hard to silence body-shamers following those nearly-bare butt bikini photos from her Mexican getaway with big sister Kourtney Kardashian. And now the 36-year-old socialite is reportedly suffering an ""epic"" meltdown over her cellulite on her butt.   A so-called pal tells OK! that the ""Keeping Up with the Kardashians"" star ""is in tears over it."" The source adds, ""She's the first to admit to battling cellulite, but over the past few months it's cropped up everywhere! She's wondering if it's her diet, even though she's obsessively healthy with what she eats.""   The alleged insider further purports that Kim's cellulite is causing a major crisis in her life. The site also claims that she is going to take extreme measures for beauty. The wife of Kanye West allegedly has ""already booked in for her favorite cellulite laser treatment, Velashape, and some Coolsculpting. She's determined to have a butt and thighs as smooth as her photoshopped selfies.""  "
4,"Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate  She's expecting her third child via surrogate.  But the woman carrying Kim Kardashian's unborn child didn't even know she was carrying the super star's baby.  'She didn't know at the beginning,' Kim, 37, revealed during her appearance on the talk show The Real on Thursday.  Asked if it was even safe to tell the surrogate her identity, Kim said it was possible to go through the process anonymously.  But she said had fears the surrogate may not even be a fan of hers.  'Well you can do it totally anonymously,' Kim replied.  'You could go that route, and I just felt like I wanted, whoever's carrying my baby, like what if they weren't a fan of me or my husband? And what if they didn't want to be carrying our baby?'  Kim said she wanted to develop a relationship with the woman.  'I wanted to give them that choice and be proud and on the same page and I wanted a relationship with her.'  Luckily Kim's surrogate was delighted to learn whose child she was carrying, and was 'proud' to do so, knowing the complications she suffered from during her previous pregnancies.  'She was really excited! She was someone that had watched the show, not like a super fan or anything that it would have been uncomfortable, but she had seen my struggle and seen how open I was about it. So she was really proud to do it, really excited,' Kim said.  Kim recently threw herself a baby shower, though explained she didn't invite the surrogate.  'I, um, I did not [invite her]. I did introduce her to my family. I introduced her to my family earlier that day. And, you know, I just thought, I don’t know, it was like a weird decision to have to make,' said the KUWTK star.  'I think I have to explain it to my kids first and figure out how I’m going to explain it to them.'  Kim insisted there are no ill feelings.  'I love her. I have the best relationship with my surrogate. She’s so nice. She is the perfect person to do this for my family. She’s great. She’s been amazing.'  Kim and her husband Kanye West also have daughter North, four, and son Saint, one. "
5,"Leonardo DiCaprio Also Enjoyed Staring at ""Salvator Mundi,"" $100 Million da Vinci  One might not normally expect to find Leonardo DiCaprio , Patti Smith , Alex Rodriguez, and Jennifer Lopez at the same party (well, the last two, perhaps), but this weekend, all four were among the estimated 4,500 attendees of an auction preview at Christie’s. There, they had the chance to get eyes on “Salvator Mundi,” a Leonardo da Vinci painting previously thought lost that is being touted as “ The Last da Vinci ” leading up to its auction tonight.  “The Last da Vinci,” which dates to 1500 and is estimated to sell for around $100 million, is also the title of the new Christie’s video promoting the piece’s auction, an event that's getting the marketing treatment of a summer blockbuster movie. Supposedly shot from the perspective of Jesus (that is, from the perspective of the painting, which depicts Jesus as “Savior of the World”), it depicts various viewers gathered in front of the painting, many of them glassy-eyed with emotion. And, Where’s Waldo -like, a keen-eyed observer might also spot Smith and DiCaprio, fresh off his 43rd birthday, among the video’s subjects, albeit looking significantly less on the verge of tears than many of the other viewers.  After all, DiCaprio might just be there to get a few insights, Daniel Day-Lewis-style, into his next character: The Oscar-winner and climate justice enthusiast is slated to play Leonardo da Vinci in an upcoming biopic based on Leonardo da Vinci , the biography by Walter Isaacson. Paramount scooped up the rights to the film back in August, with DiCaprio slated to star in, and co-produce, the film, which will require him to grow his Revenant beard to unprecedented lengths.  Bringing things full circle, “The Last da Vinci” is scored by the Max Richter piece “On the Nature of Daylight,” a movie-soundtrack staple that was recently used in the opening scene of Arrival and, before that, in Shutter Island , which, yes, starred DiCaprio, and was directed by Martin Scorsese, from whom DiCaprio is now practically inseparable . It’s probably only a matter of time before Scorsese signs on to DiCaprio’s da Vinci biopic. After all, they’re also working on a Teddy Roosevelt biopic together. But Leo, while you're playing namesakes, where is that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reboot?  Margot Robbie, who co-starred with DiCaprio in 'The Wolf of Wall Street,' is here to show you what vegemite sounds like: "
6,"Kanye West is launching his own makeup line called Donda  Rapper-come-designer Kanye West has already conquered the music industry and taken on fashion with his Yeezy line, but now it seems that West is taking cues from his 19-year-old sister-in-law Kylie Jenner and branching out with a beauty brand.  Officially re-entering the public eye following a much-needed break from the spotlight, TMZ report that West has officially filed legal documents ""declaring his intention"" to launch a full collection of Donda cosmetics.  The line, which is thought to involve everything from makeup and perfume to lotions, will be an extension of the far-reaching communications company he named after his late mother, Donda, who passed away in 2007.  Not limited to beauty though, West has previously tweeted an infographic explaining the ""categories of influence"" that Donda as a brand might take on, including amusement parks, furnishings, fitness, medical research, hovercrafts and steamboats.  Perhaps a make-up range isn't so farfetched after all.  As someone that has shown little-to-no interest in beauty IRL, it's hard to visualise what a line of Kanye cosmetics would look like, but while mainstream cosmetics for men is still in its infancy, this does come after the likes of Maybelline and L'Oreal announced their first ever male spokesmodels.  While little else is known at this stage, following his attempts to be taken seriously as a fashion designer beauty seems a natural next step.  The application to trademark the concept is currently processing and it looks like Yeezy-designed cosmetics really are going to be a thing. "
7,"Where Was Maks? Is There DWTS Drama Afoot?  Is there trouble on the dance floor? Maksim Chmerkovskiy was nowhere to be found on the Monday, Oct. 2 episode of Dancing With the Stars episode prompting Alan Bersten to dance with his celebrity partner Vanessa Lachey. The reason for Maks' absence? Personal problems, according to host Erin Andrews. ""Maks is dealing with a personal issue so Alan is stepping in and dancing with Vanessa tonight,"" she said during the show.  But there's something else going on here E! News has learned. According to a source, Maks was completely fine and decided not to perform with Vanessa because they are not getting along. Our source said both have stubborn, strong personalities, leading to the friction. We're told they're having a hard time listening to each other and working together. "
8,"Is Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Getting Close To Brad Pitt After Heartbreaking Split?  We did not see this coming. Angelina Jolie’s worst Hollywood enemy, Chelsea Handler, might be getting a little too close to former lover Brad Pitt, according to a new report. Ouch!   It’s no secret that Chelsea Handler, 42, has never been a fan of Angelina Jolie. In fact, she’s been team Jennifer Aniston since the beginning. But now, the web of friendship and rivalry is all tangled up following a seriously shocking report from Naughty Gossip. The publication claims that the comedian is getting close to Brad Pitt, which kinda’ seems like a stab in the back for both Angie and the Friends alum. If true, how twisted is that?! “Chelsea never hated Brad for what he did to Jennifer,” a source tells Naughty Gossip on Aug. 17. “She always blamed Angelina for the nasty split. But now that she isn’t friends with Jen, Chelsea is free to work with Brad.”  Huh…apparently the bond between Chelsea and Jen wasn’t unbreakable like we once thought. But would the talkshow hostess really betray her (former) friend like that? Would things would Brad actually turn romantic? For now it sounds like Chelsea is only interested in collaborating with the Fight Club hunk professionally. “Chelsea has long been a fan of Brad’s ‘Plan B’ production company and is talking with them about a few projects,” the source continues. “Don’t be surprised if we see Brad and Chelsea having lunch together soon!”  We know what you’re thinking — when the heck did Chelsea and Jen stop being friends?! It was less than a year ago that the Horrible Bosses actress appeared on her show to gush about hubby Justin Theroux. “How was your Thanksgiving? Did you get a surprise?” asked Chelsea. “I did! I got a surprise! My husband!” Jen replied. The women had an absolute blast talking about the holidays, with no sign of a strained relationship. Never get a guy come between a friendship!   HollywoodLifers, do you think Chelsea and Brad would ever seriously date? Or is that too weird? "
9,"Lady Gaga Announces Netflix Documentary, Talks Madonna Feud  Lady Gaga is ready to open up. The “Joanne” singer has a candid documentary titled Gaga: Five Foot Two premiering on Netflix on September 22.  Gaga, 31, took to social media early Thursday, August 24, to share a series of teasers for her new project, in addition to revealing the stunning, artistic poster. Directed by Emmy-nominated filmmaker Chris Moukarbel, the documentary will provide “an intimate and unfettered portrait of a year in the life of Lady Gaga,” according to a press release from Netflix.  “Offstage, in the studio, unplugged and at home, audiences get an unguarded glimpse at Gaga through a series of personal highs and lows and the culmination of a year’s emotional journey,” the release continues. “From struggles with relationships to health issues, from finding solace in her inner circle to conquering her insecurities, Gaga: Five Foot Two navigates the divide between life as a superstar and life as an everyday woman.”  In one of the teasers for the film, Gaga breaks down in tears after her July 2016 split from fiancé Taylor Kinney. “I’m alone every night. And all these people will leave, right? They will leave, and then I’ll be alone,” she explains. “And I go from everyone touching me all day and talking at me all day to total silence.”  In another clip, the six-time Grammy winner opens up about her long-standing feud with Madonna. “I admired her always, and I still admire her no matter what she might think of me. The only thing that really bothers me about her is that…” she says before the video cryptically cuts off.  Gaga: Five Foot Two premieres on Netflix on Friday, September 22.   "
10,"Selena Gomez Thinks Justin Bieber’s ‘Soft Lips’ Makes Him ‘The ‘Best Kisser Ever’  Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber have sealed their relationship with a very public kiss, but apparently that isn’t the only smooch they’ve been sharing! HollywoodLife.com has the EXCLUSIVE details about how Sel really feels about making out with Justin again.   Pictures of Selena Gomez, 25, and Justin Bieber, 23, kissing had us in a complete tailspin when they hit the internet on Nov. 16. But now that the initial shock of Jelena’s PDA moment has died down a little, we want to know even more about what’s really going on between these two and their locked lips. It’s like middle school all over again — was the kiss good? Was it their first? Etcetera, etcetera. Thankfully, a source told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY how the “Wolves” singer feels about what it’s like making out with her first love again. See pictures of Selena and Justin’s cutest moments here!   “Selena loves kissing Justin, because not only is he really cute, but he has soft, full, kissable lips,” a source close to the couple tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “Selena and Justin can’t get enough of each other right now and Selena is really enjoying the simplest parts of their relationship, which, for her, is the intimacy created with long, soft, wet kisses with Justin. She thinks he is the best kisser ever and is all about making out with him wherever and whenever she can.”  It’s good to know Sel was enjoying herself, because as we’ve previously reported, Justin was super into their ice rink kissing sesh on Nov. 15, as well. They reportedly spent every break in the “Friends” singer’s hockey game sharing tons of sweet smooches! Obviously, fans of the couple haven’t been able to control their excitement about the on-off couple totally being back on — #JelenaIsBack even started trending on Twitter! Clearly the couple’s recent reunion has been welcomed wholeheartedly by shippers of the pair. TBH, only these two could still have people hoping for them to revive their romance after all this time spent apart.  HollywoodLifers, how do you feel about all this Jelena kissing news!? Let us know what you think in the comments below! "
11,"Allison Williams’ top-secret wedding revealed  Allison Williams is getting married on Saturday in a starry secret ceremony out west, Page Six can exclusively reveal.  The “Girls” star will wed CollegeHumor co-founder Ricky Van Veen in front of guests including her father, Brian Williams, plus Bruce Springsteen, Diane von Furstenberg and Barry Diller, and Williams’ “Girls” castmates Lena Dunham, Zosia Mamet and Jemima Kirke.  Also expected are Seth Meyers and his wife Alexi Ashe, Bee Shaffer, Andy Cohen, Tom Hanks — who may even officiate at the wedding, according to a source — and his wife Rita Wilson, who plays Williams’ mother on “Girls.”  The source told us, “The wedding is being kept so secret that guests are being asked to fly to Denver, where they will be picked up and taken to the location, which is thought to be somewhere in Wyoming.  “The accommodations for all guests are being paid for and then many of the guests are flying to LA together for Sunday’s Emmys.”  Williams, 27, who has been engaged to Van Veen, 34, since February 2014, delayed her wedding plans due to the scandal which engulfed her newsman father, which saw him stepping down as anchor of NBC’s “Nightly News” earlier this year after he exaggerated stories about his bravery in situations including the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina.  She said in February during a Q&A with “Late Night” host Meyers at the 92Y, “This has been a really hard time. Obviously [it’s] toughest on my dad, who is sort of bearing the full burden of the responsibility for it … Current events started happening so that derailed [wedding plans] a little bit.”  After a six-month suspension, Brian Williams is due to make his return to TV, this time on MSNBC, next Tuesday, where he will be a breaking news anchor and will initially report on the Pope’s visit. It is believed he delayed his return to TV until after his daughter’s hush-hush wedding.  A rep for Alison Williams didn’t immediately get back to us. "
12,"Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC  They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.  The May-December couple were spotted out together in New York City again on Monday, just a couple of days after they were seen taking Jennifer's beloved pup Pippi to a dog park in Manhattan.  The actress, 26, and the director, 47, strolled along side-by-side with Aronofsky at one point holding onto his girlfriend's arm as they walked.  The two met when Aronofsky, who shares a 10-year-old son Henry, with former fiancee Rachel Weisz, cast Lawrence in a leading role for his film Mother, due out later this year.  Filming finished in August last year and rumors about their romance started swirling in October when they were photographed together.  They confirmed their relationship after they were photographed kissing on a public street in New York.  While the filmmaker appeared up beat and beamed broadly as he spent time with his main squeeze, the actress appeared a little more reticent about showing her feelings in public, walking with her head tilted down and wearing sunglasses,  The Hunger Games star was stylish in a pair of distressed jeans paired with a black Peacoat with white sheepskin collar and trim.  She wore her blonde hair tied back into a ponytail under a jaunty peaked cap and added shiny black bovver boots.  Aronofsky, meanwhile, opted for his default outfit of puffy black jacket zipped up tight to his neck and blue jeans with brown lace-up shoes.  He added a blue knitted hat pulled down over his ears.  Lawrence gushed about her new beau in a recent interview with Vanity Fair, describing the Black Swan director as 'a visionary.'  She revealed she'd long been a fan of his work and didn't hesitate to sign up to star in his new movie even though there was no script for it at the time. "
13,"Robert Pattinson Recovering From Alleged Drinking Problem - Realized Substance Abuse Would Tank Career! | Celeb Dirty Laundry  According to recent reports and hints dropped by Hollywood sources, Robert Pattinson may have had a secret drinking problem that no one knew about. It would certainly explain why he's been hanging out with Zac Efron, of all people. We already know Zac isn't known for his sobriety, and Rob has been partying quite a lot lately.  Star Magazine's source claims, ""Rob had a hard time adjusting to fame and his breakup with Kristen [Stewart], and he turned to alcohol to numb it all. He drank a lot every night, and even during filming. But his health was suffering, and he realized his reputation for drinking could cost him plum roles.""  Is this so hard to believe? Daniel Radcliffe notably had a drinking problem as well, and that was without the public infamy that came with his girlfriend cheating on him in front of the whole world. Clearly, something about all these YA franchises is causing its actors to turn to alcohol, but with Rob's situation, he's always been a social drinker – maybe a little too much.  He's admitted to drinking before auditions, and he's usually photographed at bars or parties these days. Even if his vice isn't alcohol, plenty of people have said that Rob's had an issue with substance abuse, even if these allegations haven't technically been proven yet.  And trust me, they won't be. Rob's people are very loyal to him and very protective of him, and they won't go to the press with this. And if Star's source is right, then he's already realized that his health and appearance are more important, especially if he wants to continue acting. Alcohol doesn't do the best things to people's faces or bodies, and it's not like Rob has the acting skills to keep him employed without his looks. Sorry Twi-hards, but you know it's true. "
14,"Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One ""Massive Miscalculation"" While Planning Their Secret Wedding  Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a ""beautiful"" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on Wednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one ""massive miscalculation"" when planning the wedding.  Theroux explained that, to keep the wedding below-the-radar, he and Aniston told different guests different reasons why they were throwing a party at their house this past August. Initially, they told most guests it was a birthday celebration for Theroux. But when certain people R.S.V.P.'d no because of busy schedules, the couple felt the need to spill the secret to entice them to be there on the special day. Of course, that meant that the in-the-know guests were dressed like they were attending a wedding, while the rest were in jeans and flip flops, so that each guest could easily tell who had been trusted with the secret and who hadn't.  ""It was actually a massive miscalculation,"" Theroux said of their wedding plan. ""Afterwards, we kind of realized, like, that was a terrible plan, because you're basically telling half your guests, 'You're unemployed and we can't trust you,' which was of course not the case, but we just kind of put it out there, and people that said yes to the birthday [we didn't tell], and then people who said, 'We can't,' we really put more pressure on them to be at the 'birthday.'""  And then, of course, there were also the friends who, during Theroux and Aniston's engagement, just got into the habit of dressing in formal wear each time they were invited to the couple's home in the off-chance that the get-together would turn out to be the couple's much-anticipated wedding.  ""We also have friends who, when we've done barbecues and stuff, show up, like, dressed to the nines, like, 'This is the thing, right?,'"" Theroux said. ""And we're like, 'No, this is actually just a barbecue.'""  On a happier note, though, Theroux said he is relishing the fact that he is finally able to call Aniston his wife. ""The first couple days of doing it-it's a great feeling."" "
15,"Who could succeed Anna Wintour at US Vogue?  As rumours that Sarah Jessica Parker will succeed Anna Wintour at US Vogue are shot down, we ask: Who could step into Wintour's Manolo Blahniks when the time comes?  It's possibly the most ludicrous fashion rumour we've ever heard but claims that Anna Wintour has been grooming Sarah Jessica Parker as her replacement at US Vogue got us thinking: who will replace her when she eventually leaves?  Wintour's will be some metaphorically big shoes to fill, she is American Vogue. Here we place our bets...  Victoria Beckham: the chameleon    She's come a long way since her days as a Zig-a-zig-ah-ing Spice Girl and now sits firmly at the top of the international fashion tree. Who's to say she can't morph into a magazine editor next?  Anna Dello Russo: the exchange programme    Can you imagine Vogue in the hands of the woman that brought us 'Fashion Shower'. Wouldn't it be amazing? A stalwart fashion editor, Dello Russo certainly has the vision, even if it is a bit, umm, outrageous.  Amy Astley: the safe choice    The editor-in-chief of Vogue's little-sister publication Teen Vogue, Amy Astley has worked with Wintour before when she was a beauty editor at Vogue. Well respected in fashion circles, Astley would be a very safe pair of hands to leave big Vogue in.  Natalie Massenet: the business guru    The founder of Net-A-Porter, Natalie Massanet is an omnipotent presence in British fashion as the chair of the BFC. However, she's US-born, used to be a fashion editor at Tatler and she's got Wintour's seal of approval. ""Natalie's doing a very good job,"" said the editor-in-chief of Massenet's impact on London Fashion Week. ""She's a very organised person and she's obviously having an impact on where the shows are located.""  Eva Chen: the protegée    When Wintour became artistic director of Condé Nast she immediately bumped former beauty editor Eva Chen up to editor of Lucky, one of Conde Nast's US titles. Chen is very well known, and liked, in the industry meaning the top title at Vogue may well be hers one day.  Marc Jacobs: the curveball    Think about it. ""He's opinionated and has some spare time now [that he's left Louis Vuitton],"" says Lisa Armstrong, ""also a brilliant stylist in addition to knowing what we all want to wear.""  Tamara Mellon: the all-rounder    The Jimmy Choo co-founder has business savvy and a creative mind. Since setting up her eponymous label (in NYC, no less) she knows how to stand up to a boardroom of investors and get ideas off the ground. Plus she's glamorous, supremely well-connected and used to work at British Vogue.  Tonne Goodman: the internal hire    Surrounded by British-born counterparts at US Vogue, Goodman, the magazine's fashion director is like a fresh breath of Manhattan air. Styling tricky celebrities is her bread and butter, and no-one understands the demands of the high-earning American woman better than she.  Roger Federer: the sporty spice    OK, this suggestion is as likely as Andy Murray winning Wimbledon (oh... hang on) but the tennis supremo attends shows with Anna, while she cheers him on from the stands. He certainly knows how to wear a suit, and has probably learnt more than meets the eye from those fashion soirees the two love to hang out at.  John Galliano: the provocateur    A curveball perhaps but it's well known that Anna is a huge supporter of Galliano's. It was her that got him his first post-scandal job at Oscar de la Renta and what better way to bring him back to the top than to seat him in her big, shiny editor's office?  Lena Dunham: the voice of a generation    Dunham is US Vogue's current flavour of the month, quite literally, as she appears on the February cover - the result of months of wooing by Wintour, apparently. Often dubbed 'the voice of her generation', she would certainly bring a new voice.  Lucy Yeomans: the Brit pick    Yeomans was appointed editor of Harper's Bazaar in the UK when she was just 29 years of age. Now masterminding the launch of Net-A-Porter.com's first print magazine, Porter, fashion journalism runs through her veins.  Meryl Streep: when life imitates art    As The Telegraph's fashion editor Lisa Armstrong comments: ""If we're choosing editors based on the fact they once played writers, what about someone who actually played an er, editor - Meryl Streep?"" A valid point we're sure you'll agree.  Stefano Tonchi: the editor's choice    Italian-born Tonchi would be a publisher's dream; he's the current editor of style bible W (also owned by Conde Nast) and has previously worked at Esquire, L'Uomo Vogue and edited T: The New York Times Style Magazine. He moves in similar circles to Wintour and would be editorially-focused. "
16,"Hollywood Film Awards: See what Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie and more were wearing  The Hollywood Film Awards took place last night in Los Angeles, with Margot Robbie (pictured in Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie and Dakota Johnson among the glamorous guests.  The list of honorees include Kate Winslet, who scooped the Best Actress award for 'Wonder Wheel,' Allison Janney, who was awarded the accolade for Best Supporting Actress for 'I, Tonya' and Mary J. Blige who came away with the Breakout Actress award.  From Jenny Packham to Balmain: see what everyone wore to the star-studded event. "
17,"http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html Jennifer Lopez gets cozy with on-screen boyfriend Milo Ventimiglia 2017-11-07T01:52:40+0000 She's had many a handsome leading man in her romantic comedies.  And Jennifer Lopez added another dashing co-star to her repertoire as she was spotted filming with Milo Ventimiglia on Monday.  The superstar, 48, looked casual chic in an off-the-shoulder sweater as the two actors shot a romantic date scene for Second Act.  Daring to impress, Jennifer was seen walking to set in a fur-lined black parka over a grey sweater and camouflage pants.  Her trademark chestnut tresses were left long and loose as they cascaded over her petite shoulders.  The Shades Of Blue actress turned on the charm as she looked deeply into Milo's eyes over glasses of red wine in the Italian restaurant.  Sporting his usual mustache, the This Is Us hunk, 40, rocked a grey button down as he seemed in serious conversation with his dinner date.  Second Act has Jennifer returning to her romantic comedy roots that made her a household name.  Peter Segal will direct the film - which was developed by STXfilms with Jennifer from an idea conceived by Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas and Justin Zackham.  The movie is in the vein of Maid In Manhattan - a huge hit for Jennifer - and Working Girl - the Oscar winning comedy from 1988.  Jennifer will play a big-box store employee who reinvents her life and gets the chance to prove that street smarts are as valuable as a college degree.  Leah Remini is attached to portray the best friend and fellow employee of Jennifer's character while Vanessa Hudgens will play a boss at a consumer goods company.  Dan Bucatinsky, Annaleigh Ashford, and Freddie Stroma round out the cast.  Second Chance is scheduled to debut at the end of 2018. "
18,"Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Actress Rumored To Be 'Unapproachable' On Set, Doesn't Socialize (REPORT)  Could this former ""Friend"" be less than friendly in real life? Rumor has it that's the case.  The word on Jennifer Aniston's new movie set is that the 44-year-old doesn't socialize with her co-stars and whenever possible distances herself in her remote trailer, RadarOnline exclusively reports.  ""Every day at lunch the entire cast and crew head to a cafeteria facility where they all sit down and eat lunch together for well over an hour,"" a source told RadarOnline. ""But the only person who doesn't eat with everyone else is Jen. She quickly grabs a lunch to go and leaves.""  According to RadarOnline's source, Aniston also gets a fancier SUV than everyone else's (including fellow stars Isla Fisher and Tim Robbins) and her trailer is situated way off set. All of these things make her seem ""not approachable,"" according to RadarOnline. But we can't help but wonder ... Is she being a obnoxious, or is she really just trying to hide a pregnancy?  Think about it: Pregnancy gives you weird cravings but also nausea (hence the lonesome lunches), and perhaps she doesn't want to undress in front of others who can catch a glimpse of her baby bump. Or maybe we're just really, really wishful thinkers.  Either way, this is not the first time Aniston has had ""diva"" rumors attached to her. A year and a half ago she admitted to throwing a chair at a director (!) but for a worthy cause: The man treated the script supervisor poorly and Jen later explained she couldn't stand aside and let him go on with it. "
19,"Kim Kardashian flips over paparazzi photos showing her in a bikini on vacation: 'I literally don't look like this!'    In April, Kim Kardashian West went on vacation in Mexico to celebrate her sister Kourtney's birthday. Paparazzi photos of Kim at the beach quickly surfaced online, prompting some people to criticize the reality TV star's cellulite.  A teaser for this week's upcoming episode of ""Keeping Up With the Kardashians"" shows Kim reacting to the photos after her former assistant and Kardashian West Brands COO Stephanie Shepherd came across them on her phone.  ""Oh my god,"" Kim said, as she looked at the photos while lounging by the pool with her friends. ""Like, I don't get it! Like, I literally don't look like this!""  Speaking directly to the camera, the 36-year-old ""KUWTK"" star elaborated on her reaction.  ""I'm already having this anxiety attack over security, and I'm already just, like, on high alert and now paparazzi's found us, it's like just the scrutiny that we get all the time, we try to avoid that,"" she said. ""I'm doing all the steps to try to be as private and discreet as possible and then you take pictures. And if they're not, like, perfect people just, like, body-shame you. [...] For people to just think that's OK is so frustrating.""  Kim then goes inside to ""untag"" herself in all the pictures that have been posted.  Watch the clip, which we first saw on E! News, below:  When the photos first appeared, Kim had a very different public reaction to the comments about the photos, sending a body-positive tweet that appeared to rise above the criticism she received.  Although Kim's initial response was celebrated, she was criticized for claiming that the pictures were Photoshopped on ""The View"" in June. In the same interview, she said that the photos encouraged her to start working out more.  ""I saw these awful photos of myself when I was on a trip in Mexico and people were Photoshopping them and sharpening them, and they're the worst photos,"" she said during her appearance on the TV show. ""I definitely was not in my best shape. I hadn't worked out in about 12 weeks.""  She continued: ""I was already not feeling like myself and then when people were like sharpening [the photos] and making them look way worse, and then those were going around, I was like 'OK, I'm going to get it together.'""  Of course, Photoshopped or not, cellulite is a totally normal part of a woman's body. As for Kim's reaction to the pictures, we'll have to wait until the next episode of ""KUWTK"" to see more.  ""Keeping Up With the Kardashians"" airs Sunday's on E! 9 p.m. ET.  "
20,"The Queen 'will not step aside for Prince Charles', sources say  The Queen has no intention of stepping aside for Prince Charles and remains committed to her duty to the nation, it has been reported.  The 91-year-old sovereign is the world's longest-reigning living monarch but as she pledged on her 21st birthday, she insists on serving the country for her whole life.  But despite speculation she may step aside to let Prince Charles take the throne, royal insiders told The Sunday Times the Queen had stated ""duty first, nation first, I'm going to be there"".  Three separate senior sources have dismissed claims she will request the Regency Act, which allows the monarch to cede power to the heir and see a regent carrying out certain royal functions and duties on behalf of the sovereign.  For the Act to be requested, the monarch has to be officially declared incapable of performing royal functions by the lord chancellor, the Speaker of the House of Commons and the master of rolls.  But the sources have quashed rumours the Queen would step aside if she was still on the throne in four years time.  One source told the newspaper the Queen had always been vehement that she would not call for a regency, adding: ""As long as she's healthy, regardless of her age, I don't see a regency. Other members of the royal family can just do more.""  In recent years, she has reduced the number of public engagements she attends but continues to carry out her functions on state matters.  She no longer makes long haul overseas trips and other members of the royal family have been undertaking foreign tours and official state visits in her name.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and Kate, for example caught the world's attention during the Diamond Jubilee Tour on behalf of the Queen in September 2012.  There have also been discussions about the possibility of the crown ""leapfrogging"" Prince Charles in favour of his son Prince William.  But this has been dismissed since it would cause a constitutional crisis, with Prince William previously saying there was ""no question"" of it happening.  Speaking in 2012 about his future on the throne, Prince Charles, 68, said: ""Impatient? Me? What a thing to suggest! Yes of course I am. I'll run out of time soon. I shall have snuffled it if I'm not careful"".  Keen to engage in public life, Prince Charles has depicted himself as a champion of environmental issues. "
21,"Here's How Brad Pitt Feels About Donald Trump as President  As a southern man born in Oklahoma and raised in Missouri, Brad Pitt stems from a place where people typically support Donald Trump and his run in the 2016 Presidential Election.  And yet, the 52-year-old actor can't even begin to fathom the idea of the real estate mogul running the United States.  While discussing the British exit from the European Union, Pitt opened up to the New York Times' T magazine about his feelings toward Trump.  ""Man, I never thought [Brexit] would happen. Same way I can't bring myself to think that Trump will be in charge,"" he admitted. ""In the simplest terms, what brings us together is good, and what separates us is bad.""  He continued, ""We have this great line in The Big Short,"" referring to last year's Oscar-winning film about the global financial crisis of 2008, which he produced. ""When things are going wrong and we can't find the reason for it, we just start creating enemies."" "
22,"Blake Shelton Addresses Rumors On Twitter In The Best Possible Way  Blake Shelton has had about enough of all the tabloid chatter regarding him and his wife, Miranda Lambert.  Over the past few weeks, rumors have made the rounds that Shelton is cheating on his wife, possibly with actress Lindsay Sporrer, with whom he attended Usher's birthday party. But, in his typical unabashed manner, the singer chose to put a stop to the chatter in the best possible way -- by ""embracing"" the reports, and then making a mockery of them.  Shelton took to Twitter yesterday to write to his over four million followers:  Shelton had previously commented on being a tabloid fixture, telling ""CBS This Morning"": ""I love it. I honestly do love it. I just know, to have that kind of coverage, if I'm popular enough they want to put me and Miranda on that stuff -- that's awesome. I have an album coming out! Put my album right next to it and pick it up."" "
23,"Glenn Close denies that she pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton  Forget what you heard: Glenn Close has not pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie about the former Secretary of State and presidential hopeful's life.  Rumours were swirling that Close had been chosen over Streep to play Clinton in the film, reportedly due to the latter's outspoken, albeit very pro-Hillary, political opinion.  Digital Spy reached out to both Glenn and Meryl's representatives for comment on the matter, with Glenn's spokesperson confirming to us that the rumours were definitively ""not true"".  So that's that, then. It looks like Streep still has a shot at The Iron Lady vol. II after all.  Related: Glenn Close says her new zombie movie is ""more of a character-driven thriller"", actually  Even if Streep doesn't end up taking on the role of Clinton, there is still a political title on the horizon for the ""overrated"" Oscar-winning actress. (They're Trump's words, not ours, btw.)  In an epic team-up with Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, Streep will star in The Post, a film set to dramatise The Washington Post's publication of the so-called Pentagon Papers, a classified survey that proved the US government publicly lied about key aspects of the Vietnam War.  Tom Hanks has signed on to play legendary newsman and Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee, while Meryl will play the paper's publisher Katharine Graham.  Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set. "
24,"Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince William Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry  Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince William for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.  Prince William and Kate Middleton rekindled their shared love of art during a visit to the Musee D’Orsay in Paris. The Duke and Duchess first fell in love while studying art history at St Andrew’s University in Scotland nearly two decades ago.  Eyewitnesses say that art enthusiast Kate Middleton asked lots of questions during their tour of the museum with William by her side. Kate certainly did show the public that she was still angry at her husband as she tried to remain as calm and engaged as possible during their tour. Insiders say that Prince William, meanwhile, looked tired and tense.  Judging from the photos that were snapped, there is some major tension between the Royal couple right now.  Kate looked absolutely miserable!  There’s a possibility that Kate Middleton is worried that if she does divorce Prince William, she won’t have the same privileged lifestyle that she has now. It’s no secret that the Duchess of Cambridge makes headlines simply because she’s Prince William’s wife. But, if she decides to pull the plug on her royal marriage, Kate’s life won’t be the same.  She won’t be generating publicity for what she wore or how she looked during her public appearances. And, that’s probably what she’ll miss the most. Kate Middleton loves the spotlight but without the royal family, she won’t be in it anymore.  Plus, royal observers know that if Kate Middleton forgives Prince William for his antics drunken antics now, there’s a good chance that she’ll forgive him again and again. In other words, the Duchess is turning a blind eye to her husband’s behavior because she probably doesn’t have any other choice. It’s either this or she goes back to her mother Carole Middleton’s party favor business. Do you agree?  Tell us, do you think Kate Middleton is desperately trying to hold on to her royal marriage? Is she worried about letting go of her pampered lifestyle? Drop us a line with your thoughts in our comments section below. Also, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here! "
25,"Michelle Obama open to plastic surgery, Botox injections  As first lady Michelle Obama prepares to turn 50 on Friday, she isn’t ruling out having some work done on her face in the future. In an interview with People magazine, Mrs. Obama, who promotes healthy lifestyles, said it’s possible she would consider plastic surgery or Botox at some point. “Women should have the freedom to do whatever they need to do to feel good about themselves,” Mrs. Obama said. “Right now, I don’t imagine that I would go that route, but I’ve also learned to never say never.” The first lady said she never misses a regular checkup with her doctor, and that she’s already had a colonoscopy, recommended for people generally at age 50 and beyond. “I don’t obsess about what I eat, but I do make sure that I’m eating vegetables and fruit,” Mrs. Obama told the magazine. “And as everyone knows, I do exercise.” "
26,"Vanessa Paradis Talks Split With Johnny Depp  Break-ups are hard to handle, and no one knows that better than Vanessa Paradis  The stunning French actress and longtime love of Johnny Depp officially announced their separation in June, after two kids (Lily-Rose, 13, and Jack, 10) and 14-years together.  Paradis previously told French Elle that she didn't ""want to talk about him [Johnny Depp],"" but she has since shed light on the demise of her relationship with the 49-year-old actor in the September issue of Harper's Bazaar. "
27,"Halle Berry sparks pregnancy rumours after displaying baby bump on red carpet  Halle Berry, 50, has sparked rumours she is expecting her third child after debuting what looks like a ‘baby bump’ on the red carpet at the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball in Los Angeles.  The Oscar-winning actress looked stunning in a clinging silver sequinned dress and matching heels and posed for cameras with her hands on her tummy as though protectively cradling her ‘bump’.  Halle has yet to announce she is pregnant but when she turned to the side the bump was prominent in her dress and Halle seemed happy to show it off.  The star is not known to be dating anyone and last week posed on Instagram in a top that read ‘No more boyfriends’.  She captioned the photo: ‘Summer’s coming… let’s shine up our crowns ladies!’  Last night social media went into meltdown with speculation of who the baby daddy may be.  The Oscar-winner has two children already, having given birth to her second at the age of 47.  Halle had previously thought she was perimenopausal when she discovered she was pregnant with son Maceo to her French actor husband Olivier Martinez, who she divorced in December 2016.  The bump was even more prominent when Halle posed to the side [Picture: Splash] She has a nine-year-old daughter Nahla to Gabriel Aubry from a previous relationship.  Back in 2014, Halle said she was shocked to find out she was pregnant at 47.  ‘They call it a geriatric pregnancy,’ she said at the time.  ‘I was, you know, on my way … this is probably way TMI, but I was really, you know, kinda premenopausal so to have this happen was a huge [shock].’  ‘I mean, I didn’t think it was possible to have another baby … So, I’ve learned never to say never.’  If she is she will be in good company as Janet Jackson recently gave birth at 50.  Or maybe Halle is playing us all along and it’s just a food baby in there…  "
28,"OK! Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Plans To Move To Russia After Her Wedding To Egor Tarabasov Amid Her Feud With Her Parents Over The Ceremony  As her wedding plans for her nuptials to Egor Tarabasov continue to take shape, an insider has revealed to OKMagazine.com that Lindsay Lohan may be making a major move following the ceremony!  The source said that the actress is considering moving to Russia to live with Tarabasov.  ""She's always had this major fascination with Eastern Europe and loves the idea of getting to embrace a new, non-Westernized culture. On top of that she's desperate to meet Egor's rich family and prove to them that her intentions are honorable,"" the source said.  The insider added, ""What better way to do this than by moving to their country and embracing their traditions? Egor's thrilled, but nervous because he worries what many of his family and friends back home will think of Lindsay.""  The latest updates on her wedding plans come after another source told OKMagazine.com that Lindsay has been feuding with her parents, Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan, over her nuptials!  ""Lilo's at war with her family, with mom threatening to boycott the wedding if her dad's there,"" the source said.  Do you think Lindsay and Egor should move to Russia following their wedding? Tweet us @OKMagazine or let us know in the comments section. The source continued, ""Lilo hit back in frustration and banned the whole lot of them, so now her sister and brother aren't talking to her either."" "
29,"Mariah Carey, Manager Stella Bulochnikov Split  Mariah Carey and her manager of three years, Stella Bulochnikov, are no longer working together as manager and client, Variety has confirmed.  According to a statement from Bulochnikov, the two mutually agreed that working together was no longer beneficial. “After working together for almost three years, Mariah Carey and Stella Bulochnikov have determined that it is in their mutual best interest to part ways on day-to-day management,” the statement reads.  “During their time working together, they have accomplished great things, including, most recently, Mariah Carey’s new music and motion picture projects for this upcoming holiday season. Mariah Carey and Stella Bulochnikov remain partners in a number of business ventures, and will continue to support each other in those endeavors.”  A former TV producer, Bulchnikov was responsible for directing Carey’s career towards reality television, launching her “Mariah’s World” show on E!. She was also working with Carey at the time of her disastrous New Year’s Eve performance in 2016.  Carey’s previous managers include her ex-husband Tommy Mottola, Randy Jackson, Red Light Management and Jermaine Dupri, among others.  She recently recorded a new song, “The Star,” for the film of the same name. She is well known for her 1994 song “All I Want for Christmas Is You,” off her first holiday album “Merry Christmas,” and recently had her hands and feet encased in cement in the forecourt of the Chinese Theatre. "
30,"What Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like  Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are currently doing the private relationship thing: They haven’t stepped out in public together and the only way Swift has talked about her British boyfriend of almost a year is through song (""…Ready For It?"" and ""Gorgeous,"" according to fans). But Us Weekly has a report on how things are going for the two these days. Alwyn and Swift are “very much in love,” a source told the outlet.  “They have quite a low-key relationship, which Taylor likes. It’s very normal, and no one really knows about it right now. They just work out, watch movies together and invite friends over. Taylor loves to cook and bake for him. They are still taking it slow.”  Aw. It’s mostly relatable, save the secret trips to London, disguise-wearing there, and chart-topping songs about their love playing on the radio. "
31,"Prince died of accidental overdose of opioid fentanyl, medical examiner says  Ramsey, Minnesota (CNN) Toxicology tests for Prince concluded that the entertainer died from an accidental overdose of the opioid fentanyl, according to a report on his death by the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office.  Prince, whose full name was Prince Rogers Nelson, died April 21 at age 57, after being found unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park, his home and recording studio in Chanhassen, Minnesota.  The report from the medical examiner's office, which was released on Twitter, didn't provide many details. ""How injury occurred: The decedent self-administered fentanyl,"" the report said. For manner of death, a box was marked for ""accident.""  The report didn't specify how the drug was taken and if the fentanyl was prescribed or illegally made.  The music superstar weighed 112 pounds and was 63 inches tall when he died, the report said. He was wearing a black cap, shirt, pants, boxer briefs and socks and a gray undershirt, the report said. His occupation was listed as ""artist"" and his business as ""music.""  The full autopsy and toxicology reports will not be released, the office told CNN.  Since his death, information has emerged about the entertainer's alleged abuse of prescription drugs.  A law enforcement source told CNN's Evan Perez in April that the entertainer was found with opioid medication at the time of his death. Investigators so far haven't found any indication that Prince had a valid prescription for the recovered opioid medications  An attorney for Prince's half-siblings said they revealed the singer had an addiction to Percocet decades before he died. One half-sibling said Prince started using the drug to help him deal with the rigors of performing, not for recreational use.  On April 15, on his way home after performing in Atlanta, Prince's plane made an emergency landing in Moline, Illinois. Prince was unresponsive and taken to a hospital. A law enforcement official told CNN he was treated for a potential overdose of pain medication.  The day before Prince died, his team called an eminent opioid addiction specialist in California seeking urgent help for the singer, an attorney working for the specialist and his son said.  The specialist, Dr. Howard Kornfeld, couldn't get there immediately so he sent his son, Andrew Kornfeld, on an overnight flight to Minnesota. The goal was for the younger Kornfeld to help evaluate Prince's health and encourage him to enter treatment for pain management and potential addiction issues, attorney William Mauzy told reporters.  But by the time Andrew Kornfeld arrived at the singer's Paisley Park complex on the morning of April 21, it was too late. He and two Prince representatives found the 57-year-old entertainer unresponsive in an elevator. Andrew Kornfeld was the person who called 911, Mauzy said.  Authorities have also said the investigation into Prince's death is a criminal investigation. It was not immediately clear if Kornfeld is the subject of a separate investigation.  Federal prosecutors and the Drug Enforcement Administration are investigating how Prince obtained prescription medications and from whom, the agencies said. "
32,"Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Hold Hands for a Romantic Stroll in Argentina  It was no lonely day for The Weeknd.  The Grammy winner and his pop star girlfriend, Selena Gomez, spent Monday afternoon strolling the streets of Argentina hand in hand and enjoying some retail therapy.  In between steps, they paused to review photos on a phone as Gomez looked over her beau's shoulder.  No strangers to an international romance, the lovebirds have been traveling the world together in recent weeks, beginning in Florence with sightings in Venice, Amsterdam, Bogotá, São Paulo and now Buenos Aires.  Of course, the ""Starboy"" is currently on a world tour for his third studio album with an upcoming leg in Canada and the United States. But, before the duo need to return home for work, they've been enjoying their personal time together like any ordinary couple-holding hands and taking pictures with plenty of laughs and scenic sights.   It's that kind of personal time that the songstress has made a priority as of late.   ""Right now, I'm actually enjoying finding moments for myself,"" she told Today's Sheinelle Jones.  ""I like having a little mystery to where I'm at. I think that makes me feel very empowered, very in control of where I'm at.""  ""I'm taking time to have a personal life,"" she continued. ""I'm doing things that I love that I'm passionate about, that I care about...it just makes me happy.""  While it's been less than two months since the stars went public with their fling by smooching outside a Los Angeles restaurant in early February, a source tells E! News things are heating up to the point of exclusivity.  ""They are falling for each other,"" the insider shared, adding that the recording artists have discussed making things exclusive between one another.  ""Abel is proud to have Selena by his side,"" the source dished.   "
33,"Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Becoming Booze Moguls!  Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson love their booze so much, they’re considering turning their passion into a new business venture, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.  “Jess comes from this very self-righteous place, saying she’s proud of her lifestyle choices and to hell with the haters who’d deprive her and Eric from splurging on their favorite food,” an insider told Radar.  PHOTOS: Life According To Jessica Simpson! 18 Of The Star’s Wackiest Quotes  “She embraces her love of fine wine and gourmet food, and wants to inspire others to do the same — especially with the booze.”  Now Simpson, 37, and her 38-year-old husband are researching what it would take to make a mint off their shared passion.  PHOTOS: ‘Her Dad Is Her Boyfriend’: Jessica Simpson’s Bizarre Interview With ‘Extra’ In 13 Clicks  ‘They’re intrigued by the business opportunity that goes with harvesting top-shelf liquor, like George Clooney and Rande Gerber did with Casamigos,” noted the insider.  “They’re seriously looking into it and are convinced they’ve got a gold mine on their hands once it’s ready to roll.”  "
34,"Caitlyn Jenner and O.J. Simpson Are Set to Reunite on TV: ""It Would Be Fascinating!"" (EXCLUSIVE)  It’s hard to get much more sensational than this: a TV show pairing the world’s most famous transgender celebrity with the world’s most famous acquitted murder suspect — especially when both have connections to the Kardashians! Life & Style has exclusively learned that TV producers have come up with an idea to bring O.J. Simpson and his old pal Caitlyn Jenner together in a televised reunion.  The former football star, 70, who was acquitted of double homicide in 1995 and completed a nine-year prison stint on Oct. 1 for a 2007 armed robbery and kidnapping, has known Caitlyn, 68, since she was Olympic gold medalist Bruce. They also share the Kardashian connection: Long before Caitlyn married into the family, O.J. was best buds with Kris’ first husband, Robert. O.J. should be interested in the show, a source says, but there’s a snag: Caitlyn has “wanted nothing to do with O.J.” since the NFL star was charged with murdering his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman.  Though they haven’t approached her yet, producers are hoping to convince Caitlyn to sign on by pitching it as “an informative, interview-type show,” the source says, in which she introduces O.J. to the new Caitlyn and asks him probing questions about his ups and downs. “If they do it right,” says the source, “it would be fascinating.”  And while the public, might be hesitant to watch such a reunion, the producers are convinced plenty of people will tune in to view the show. “Love them or hate them,” says a source, “putting Caitlyn and O.J. in the same room would be must-see TV.” "
35,"The Mystery of How Kendall Met the Hadids Has Been Solved  Not too long ago Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid were just two young, unconnected girls who occasionally appeared on their family members' reality television show. Then the world blinked and all the sudden they were burgeoning supermodels and super influencers. Then the world blinked again and they were bonafide supermodel BFFs. Another blink and their sisters, Kylie and Bella, were also burgeoning influence and burgeoning models in their own right.  One more blink and they're now four of the most famous young women on the entire planet and they all hang out with each other in various groupings and form the core of one of the most powerful girl squads in the entire world.  Of this we all know, and, yet, what we did not know is how any of them actually came to actually know each other and became friends in the first place.  There were simple guesses: Kendall and Gigi just met on the fashion circuit and took a liking to one another.  There were more complicated guesses based on the fact that the two pairs of sisters are sort of ""related"" in the way that all European royal families are sort of related—through a complicated string of marriages and divorces. The story: before Kris Jenner, the Jenners' father Caitlyn—née Bruce—used to be married to a woman named Linda, and after their divorce Linda married the composer David Foster. Linda and David also got divorced, and then the Hadids' mother Yolanda married David after her first marriage to the sisters' biological father Mohamed. Naturally, Yolanda and David are now divorced as well.  So, maybe some assumed they just met at a very awkward extended family reunion, of sorts.  As it happens, that is not the case.  Earlier this year came a stunning new clue in the mystery. While everyone thought that it was Kendall and Gigi who were the original nexus of the friendship web, it turned out that Kendall was actually friends with Bella first.  Now, finally, after far too long spent thinking about this, we have a definitive answer and it is way, way more mundane and even a bit geekier than we ever imagined.  ""I met her for the first time seven years ago over Twitter,"" Bella told InStyle . “That was before we started modeling; I was probably 14 or 15. We met up and had sushi, and now we’re best friends. She’s a pretty significant human I met online.”  While there is still shame in this world about admitting you've met anyone online, the fact that two of the most popular girls in the world did so back when they were ""14 or 15"" should satisfy everyone, and, once and for all, any questions about how the Jenners met the Hadids. "
36,"Ray J Confronts Rumors He Slid Into Malia Obama’s DM  Kanye’s favorite porn star says rumors he tried to DM President Obama’s daughter are not true. Ray posted a video on Instagram after several websites reported on the story without any actual evidence to support their claims.  “They saying that I DM’d the President’s daughter. Come on, man. Why ya’ll always trying to bring me down? I’m positive,” an exhausted Ray says in a recording captured in the driveway of his home. “I’m getting married on Friday. What the hell would I be doing doing anything like that … anything reckless … anything stupid? Anything ya’ll reading about me, it ain’t true,” he continued.  Ray says he wanted to clear the air because he’s set to wed his fiancée Princess on Friday. “I addressed this because I don’t want extra dumb stuff coming up at the same time we trying to get married.”   "
37,"Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth End Engagement  It's officially over: Reps for both Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth confirm to PEOPLE exclusively that the engagement is off between the two stars.  The news marks the end of a tumultuous year in which Cyrus, 20, and Hemsworth, 23, have experienced more break-ups than bonding moments.  The couple – who first met on the movie set of 2010's The Last Song – got engaged in May 2012. At the time, the singer told PEOPLE, ""I'm so happy to be engaged and look forward to a life of happiness with Liam.""  But earlier this year, the pair decided to postpone their wedding.  Cyrus was subsequently seen out without her 3.5-carat Neil Lane engagement ring but soon it was back on her hand and the couple were reunited in July in Canada, where Hemsworth was shooting his new movie Cut Bank, and on the red carpet for his movie Paranoia in August.  Since then the couple seem to have been living separate lives as the ""Wrecking Ball"" singer continues to plug her album Bangerz and Hemsworth prepares to promote Catching Fire.  Reps for both stars had no further comment. "
38,"Adventure & Romance! Inside 95-Year-Old Betty White's Bucket List Betty White is planning to quit TV acting at 95 to check items off her bucket list!  RadarOnline.com can reveal the surprising things the TV legend, who won Emmys playing Sue Ann Nivens on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Rose Nylund on The Golden Girls, still plans to accomplish before hitting 100 — including Broadway theater, wild adventures and even romance!  After the cancellation of her TV series Hot in Cleveland in 2014, White’s telling pals she’s closing up shop.  “She feels she can live to 100 and has other things she wants to do with her life,” a friend says.  Topping her list is travel. Instead of visiting cushy resorts, she’s planning on a real adventure.  “Betty says she wants to go on an African safari,” reveals her pal.  “She also wants to spend more time with her friends before they all pass on.”  And she hasn’t totally given up on acting. Her true dream ­is to star on Broadway.  “That’s definitely on Betty’s bucket list,” the friend says. “She hasn’t done much live, on-stage work and she thinks it would be a perfect cap to her long career to appear on Broadway.”  The friend says Betty takes pen to paper nearly every day to finish a new memoir, and she’s also working on a script for a romantic comedy!  Since she has no children, she plans to leave her $45 million fortune to animal welfare groups founded by her husband, Allen Ludden, a game show host who died in 1981.  While she could still find work on TV, the source says Broadway is the only reason she’d return to acting.  “But if her acting career is over, she’s at peace with it. She wants to enjoy her time, without everyone fussing over her!” adds the pal.   "
39,"Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest Embattled in 'Live' Feud Over 'American Idol' — ""She Feels Stabbed in the Back""   Just three months after Ryan Seacrest joined Live, he and his co-host Kelly Ripa are embattled in a fierce daytime talk show feud. According to Life & Style, Kelly and Ryan are majorly fighting about his recently announced decision to join the American Idol reboot.  MORE: Kelly Ripa Gets the Last Laugh as Michael Strahan Shakes Things up at 'Good Morning America'  ""She didn't know about the American Idol revival,"" a source close to Kelly recently told the magazine. ""When she found out she was truly rattled."" Another TV insider confessed Live is ""a wreck at the moment"" and the 46-year-old star fears Ryan, 42, will ditch her just like her former co-host Michael Strahan recently did. ""She feels stabbed in the back and believes she’s going to lose Ryan just like she lost Michael,"" the source said.   ""Kelly is truly pissed that, after all the time ABC spent negotiating with Ryan for Live, they would then buy the show that made him a household name and take him away. [She] really thought Live would be Ryan’s focus,"" the insider added.  MORE: Michael Strahan Reveals How He Really Feels About Ryan Seacrest as Kelly Ripa's New 'Live' Co-Host  Ryan officially joined Live as Kelly's new co-host on May 1, 2017, 13 months after Michael left the daytime talk show to instead work on the Good Morning America team. Following Michael's shock decision to exit the program, Kelly sat beside a whopping 68 guest hosts before the network decided to hire Ryan. Since then, Live has unfortunately experienced a significant dip in ratings.  Kelly Ripa's Guest Co-Hosts ""Ryan is just not connecting with daytime viewers. He appeals to a much younger, music-oriented audience. Kelly blames the show. She feels [execs] made a huge miscalculation bringing him on to Live,"" the TV insider added.  "
40,"Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck and Hollywood's Sliding Scale of Moral Punishment  The men's restroom of the Landmark Theatres in West L.A. is as good a place as any to gauge the true sentiments of Oscar voters. Following a showing of Hacksaw Ridge a few Saturdays ago, I found myself washing my hands next to two gentlemen — both appeared to be about 63, the average age of Academy members, with one wearing a Kung Fu Panda 2 cap (the kind of hat a grown man doesn't wear unless he worked on the movie) discussing what they had just seen. ""Didn't want to like that one but ... ,"" the first man said, trailing off. ""But Mel can direct,"" the friend finished.  I knew instantly why they were conflicted. This season, admiration for Hacksaw Ridge as an emotional and deftly staged World War II action drama has come despite the fact that its filmmaker has made anti-Semitic and misogynistic comments. Hacksaw is one of several films in the awards race featuring marquee talent with personal issues in their pasts, highlighting the age-old concern of whether voters should judge the man (and yes, they're all men in this situation), his work or a combination of both?  Like my two restroom pals, awards voters so far this season have been embracing Gibson. Hacksaw Ridge has landed on the AFI top 10 list and earned seven Critics' Choice and three Golden Globe noms, including best picture (drama) and best director for Gibson. It's a pretty remarkable turn for a filmmaker who, just six years ago, was fired by his own agents.  At the same time, awards bodies (aside from the NAACP, which nominated it for six Image Awards) and critics groups have ignored The Birth of a Nation, a film that just 11 months ago was lauded by many tastemakers as a sure-fire best picture nominee and the antidote to #OscarsSoWhite. But that was before the details of filmmaker-star Nate Parker's college rape trial resurfaced this summer, along with the news that his accuser had committed suicide. So low have Birth's awards prospects sunk that the film didn't even appear on lists of Globe or SAG Award snubs. And Fox Searchlight, which typically hosts a ""holiday party"" to allow its talent to mingle with voters, turned this season's soiree into a celebration of Jackie, its other contender, ignoring Birth.  Why do some personal troubles stick to movies while others seem to not bother voters? That question has arisen throughout Oscar history. Russell Crowe's assault of a BAFTA producer is said to have cost him an Oscar for 2001's A Beautiful Mind, but in 2003, Roman Polanski won best director for The Pianist even though he couldn't accept his award in person because he is a fugitive from justice after pleading guilty to unlawful sex with a minor, then 13, in 1977.  This year, these issues haven't only swirled around Gibson, Parker and, to a lesser extent, Woody Allen, whose latest film, Cafe Society, arrived at Cannes amid renewed allegations by his son Ronan Farrow that Allen had sexually abused Ronan's sister Dylan. Some have questioned why Casey Affleck, a best actor frontrunner for his powerful performance in Manchester by the Sea, has not been subject to Nate Parker-style scrutiny for the two sexual harassment lawsuits filed against him in 2010 by a female producer and a director of photography who claimed Affleck tormented them during the making of the bizarre mockumentary I'm Still Here. DP Magdalena Gorka's suit claimed she was made to suffer ""a nearly daily barrage of sexual comments, innuendo and unwelcome advances by crewmembers, within the presence and with the active encouragement of Affleck."" Affleck denied the allegations and settled the suits for a reported $2 million. So far, he's picked up a Gotham Award and a Critics' Choice win.  Some have insinuated that Parker's race played a role in his banishment, either consciously or subconsciously. And they may be right. Another factor might be the especially shocking nature of the claims against him, despite his acquittal, or his refusal in media interviews to apologize, or the fact that sexual assault is dramatized in his film. But it might also be the clubby nature of Hollywood that forgives those perceived as insiders and gives no benefit of the doubt to those who aren't. Affleck, a Hollywood presence for almost as long as his brother Ben, is an insider. Gibson, movie star and best picture winner for Braveheart, is another insider. He was sent to directors jail for a decade before reemerging this year, and voters seem to be saying enough time has passed. Also, his movie is really good.  This time of year, it's all about getting voters to actually see the contenders. And while one Oscar-nominated producer recently told me he felt an ""ickiness"" when deciding to pop in his Hacksaw screener, he did it anyway and liked the film. This same producer didn't think twice about watching Manchester. But, like many, he hasn't even bothered to open his Birth of a Nation screener.   "
41,"Sarah Jessica Parker Inherits Vogue Magazine Control From Anna Wintour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry  There's only one Anna Wintour, but there's only so long that she can run Vogue. Anna's now 64 years old, and while she's still got plenty of years to keep running Vogue, her reign isn't going to last forever. Eventually, she will have to find a successor, and according to a report from Radar Online, that successor will be Sarah Jessica Parker.  Now, before you laugh yourself to sleep, listen to Radar's reasoning. Sarah and Anna are friends, and have been friends for a very long time, thanks to the long running popularity of Sex and the City. Vogue owes a huge debt to the show for putting it on the map, especially since the magazine didn't use to be the household name it is now.  Anyway, Radar's source explains, ""Anna is worrying colleagues who believe she has found her true successor in Sarah! It's a surprising idea, but one that is not entirely a joke. Anna thinks Sarah, a fashion icon on Sex and the City, truly has what it takes to step into her shoes and take on a role at Vogue one day. Although Wintour has made no announcements about when she might retire, her scheme to put Parker in the Vogue pipeline has co-workers shaking in their own designer shoes.""  You know, the idea's not as far-fetched as it sounds. Sarah's very fashion savvy, and while she doesn't seem like she'd be able to run Vogue as well as Anna [who would?], she does have the contacts and image to keep the brand name strong.  What do you guys think? Is Anna Wintour grooming Sarah Jessica Parker to take over Vogue for her? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. "
42,"Amber Heard Shares Picture From Aquaman Set  Right after filming for Aquaman got underway in Australia, we got our first look as actress Amber Heard as Mera. Now Heard has taken to Twitter to share a picture of herself with Jason Momoa — the actor behind the film's titular role — and director James Wan.  While it's not immediately clear where the picture was taken, both Heard and Momoa can be seen wearing similar clothing featuring earth tones. The pieces of clothing are similar enough, looking like of Atlantis would wear as they visited . ""Water break,"" Heard said before she added Momoa and Wan's Twitter handles.Momoa and Wan's Twitter .  Before we see Heard and Momoa in Momoa in Aquaman, the pair is slated to show up alongside Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), Batman (Ben Affleck), The Flash (Ezra Miller), Superman (Henry Cavill), and Cyborg (Ray Fisher) in this Fall’s Justice League. Aquaman currently has a 3.83 out of 5 on ComicBook.com's anticipating rankings, while Justice League currently has a 4.16 out of 5. The official description can be found below. Aquaman stars Jason Momoa, Amber Heard, Nicole Kidman, Ludi Lin, Dolph Lundgren, Willem Dafoe, Patrick Wilson, Temuera Morrison, Yahya Abdul-MateenMateen II, Patrick Cox, Otis Dhanji, and Kaan Guldur. "
43,"Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever!  Costar conflicts! While celebs remain professional when the cameras are rolling, behind the scenes there are catfights, crying and eye-rolling. Whether they were forced to work together for several seasons of a hit TV show or a few months for a film, these stars just couldn't seem to get along.  Rumored rift! While Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall played besties Carrie Bradshaw and Samantha Jones on Sex and the City from 1998 to 2004, there was always talk that they were feuding. The ladies reportedly had a big falling out in the show's final season when Parker was paid considerably more than Cattrall on the HBO series. This dispute over money also allegedly caused delays in production of the two Sex and the City films in 2008 and 2010. Both stars have refuted claims of any animosity between them. "
44,"Beyonce & Jay-Z Hire Former President Obama’s Secret Service Team  They’ve got 99 problems, but security ain’t one! Beyoncé and Jay-Z asked longtime pal former President Barack Obama’s secret service detail to help protect their family after welcoming twins Rumi and Sir last month.  “Jay-Z had Obama’s team take a look at the blueprints for their Malibu renta l and tell him exactly what they would’ve changed if Barack and Michelle were staying there,” says a source, who estimates that Bey, 35, and Jay, 47, are spending a staggering $25,000 a day on safety measures alone. “They have cameras covering every nook and cranny along with metal detectors and a panic room.” "
45,"Photos Of Angelina Jolie In A Wedding Dress Claim To Prove Quickie Marriage To Rando Brit After Brad Pitt Divorce  Photos of Angelina’s Jolie’s wedding dress have been making the rounds on the celebrity rumors circuit these past few months after an In Touch front page cover claimed Angie got married to a British man just eight months after the split with Brad Pitt. This would be Angelina’s fourth marriage if the tabloid’s article was true, but based upon other reports, it seems safe to say this surprise wedding is likely fake news.  Back in April, In Touch ran a cover story declaring, “Angelina’s Shocking Surprise: Wedding In Cambodia! Marriage No. 4 Just 8 Months After Split With Brad.” The tabloid was running with the idea that Angelina Jolie’s divorce from Brad was being fast-tracked in order to allow a new marriage to a “wealthy, 40-something Brit.” Angelina’s dating of this “philanthropist business man” was supposedly being “shielded” from the public “by her closest friends.” Worse, Angelina’s children were supposedly out of the loop and had not yet met their new future father figure despite a wedding being planned.  “A quickie wedding would be the ultimate payback [to Brad Pitt],” claimed an unnamed “family friend” who is the supposed source for In Touch.  While Angelina does have a history of quickly remarrying after her previous divorces, in this case, there are Angelina and Brad’s six kids to consider, making a quick divorce and new marriage very unlikely. In April, Gossip Cop pointed out that “this tabloid has a proven history of making assumptions and trying to mislead its readers” and an unnamed source of their own claimed that Angie’s 2017 wedding rumors are “beyond ridiculous.”  In A Related Report By The Inquisitr  Angelina Jolie’s Children Will Soon Be Living Just Minutes Away From Brad Pitt In Los Feliz, Photo Reveals  Is Brad Pitt Dating? Angelina Jolie Will Reportedly Be Unhappy If He Is  Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Her Priority, Is She Ready to Co-Parent With Brad Pitt?  Angelina Jolie Relying On Kids To Cheer Her Up After Brad Pitt Split — Divorce Details Revealed  Fast forward in time and In Touch has been doubling down, riding the celebrity rumors train full steam ahead. Now, they are running a cover allegedly showing Angelina Jolie’s wedding in Cambodia. The front cover and the way it features Angelina’s wedding dress are designed to give the impression that Angie has already been married. But if you break open the tabloid, In Touch is claiming Angelina is still planning a future 2017 wedding in Battambang, Cambodia.  The latest edition is still alleging that Jolie has “quietly fallen for a wealthy 40-something British philanthropist and businessman, and she’s eager to marry for the fourth time as soon as her divorce from Brad is finalized.” The same “family friend” is supposedly spilling the beans on the movie star’s plans for a small wedding that celebrates the Cambodian culture. Pitt is supposedly not “standing in her way anymore.” The funny part is that no one knows the name of Angelina’s dating partner, his age, or any other major life detail.  In this case, Gossip Cop claims the “tabloid is stepping in it further and further, as the only thing that stinks around here is the magazine’s dreadful reporting.” The real problem is that it’s not merely bad information from an unknown source, Gossip Cop alleges that In Touch “has simply been making it all up” by generating fake news.  What is the truth? After all, there have been secret celebrity marriage ceremonies in the past, including well-known names like Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux, Ryan Gosling, and Eva Mendes. In the end, In Touch and its secret “family friend” stand alone in reporting Angelina Jolie’s wedding plans, while Gossip Cop has a source claiming that the tabloid has “created a soap opera-worthy, but false, narrative.” It seems safe to say this celebrity news is debunked. What do you think? "
46,"New Suicide Fears For Owen Wilson After Dad’s Death  The death of Owen Wilson’s beloved dad has friends fearing the tortured actor might spiral back into a pit of depression!  “Owen is devastated over his dad’s death,” confided a source. “He meant the world to him!”  Legendary TV producer Robert Wilson — father to actors Owen, Luke and Andrew — died at 75 on May 5 after a years-long struggle with Alzheimer’s disease.  “For me and my brothers, there just wasn’t a bigger influence on us,” said the Zoolander star, 48. “I really believe that his spirit gets carried on through me.”  As RadarOnline.com reported, Wilson was rushed to the hospital in Santa Monica, Calif. in August 2007, after swallowing a fistful of prescription pills and cutting his wrists in a suicide bid.  Pals revealed the actor had been devastated over a string of failed romances, including a bitter breakup with actress Kate Hudson.  By early 2008, Owen was boozing again, and friends feared it could trigger another suicide attempt.  Now the loss of his father has sparked new fears for the Wedding Crashers comedian.  Said a pal, “We all need to keep an eye on him.”  "
47,"Tyra Banks Sued for Causing 'Emotional Distress' During ‘America’s Got Talent’ Taping  *A contestant on “America’s Got Talent” says her performance at a recent taping was roasted so viciously by new host Tyra Banks that it has caused emotional distress to her young daughter, who was watching from the wings.  The woman, identified in the filing as Jane Doe, filed a lawsuit against Banks on Tuesday in L.A. Superior Court accusing the former model of battery and assault, and seeking damages for infliction of emotional distress, reports Variety.  Jane Doe says she and her husband were performing an ode to their daughter, identified as Mary, during a taping on March 19. Once they finished, the woman says that she and her husband were “humiliated” by the judges and the audience, who criticized the song.  According to the suit, Banks added to the humiliation by making fun of the song in front of Mary. Jane Doe alleges that Banks pulled her daughter’s hair back, physically manipulated her, and insinuated that the girl was accidentally conceived.  Afterward, “Mary was traumatized and became deeply depressed,” the suit states. “Mary would become extremely nervous and anxious whenever, among other triggering events, she hears any mentions of [the] song and [the] song itself, whenever she ruminates about the events during or related to the performance, and whenever she thinks about the prospective televised airing or use online of Jane Doe and her husband, their performance, as well as the airing and use online of any footages of Mary.”  Reality show contestants typically sign waivers acknowledging that they may be subjected to ridicule and humiliation. However, the suit alleges that Marathon Productions got Mary to sign a contract without her parents’ knowledge or consent, according to Variety.  After the contestant complained, the company communicated that it would not feature Mary in the broadcast. However, the couple asked that the entire performance not be aired. That request was refused. "
48,"The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look  Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. ""Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup,"" says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:    You are what you eat  Ellen sticks to vegan fare and practices yoga, and it's written all over her face. Boosting your intake of antioxidant-rich fruits and veggies and cutting out processed foods helps give you that luminous look.    Cleanse carefully  Face washes that lather up contain sulfates, which can dry your skin and make fine lines and wrinkles look worse. Instead, go for a cleansing cream that doesn't suds; it will leave skin soft and get rid of makeup and grime.    Quench thirsty skin  If you're super dry, consider using a face oil at bedtime. These hydrating serums give your skin an extra plumpness and dewiness. Smooth on after cleansing and top with your night cream.    Give powder makeup the brush off  Powders can sink into lines, so switch to cream-based blushes, shadows, concealers and foundations. As you age, your skin loses radiance, so give it a boost with sheer, hydrating formulas that contain light reflecting particles.    Go easy on the eyes  Lots of eye makeup can attract attention to crows feet. Use neutral shadows and a dab of smudgey liner instead of attempting a come-hither smoky eye or garish colors.    Choose the right lip look  Tons of super shiny lip gloss can make you look like a teenager, while dark matte lipsticks can make lip lines look more prominent. Go for something in between; I recommend a hydrating sheer lipstick one shade darker than your lip tone. "
49,"Kim Kardashian Hires Team To Help Her Become More ‘Political’ – ‘I Want To Speak Out More About Political Issues’  The controversial reality TV star really wants to change her reputation. We have learned that Kim Kardashian wants to have a much more political image and she’s already making the first few steps in that direction.  According to a source close to the famous family, Kim would like to hire herself a political publicist and Kanye West has been looking for one.  In a recent interview with Harper’s Bazaar Arabia, Kim revealed that she’d love to become a more politically active celeb but is scared of making any mistakes and offending people.  ‘Sometimes I feel like I want to speak out more about political issues. You have to be really careful about what you say, because a lot of things can be taken in the wrong context and I always want to be respectful; I do not want to hurt anyone’s feelings. I said once before that I am not really a feminist. But I feel like I do a lot more than people that claim that they are feminist. To clarify what I said before: I feel in my soul I am a feminist. I just don not need labels to make me feel or know what I am inside,’ the Kardashian explained.  She went on to say that for her, feminists are all of the girls around us and on social media that stand up for themselves and for certain issues.  For the KUWK star, those women are the most empowering.  Do you think it’s a good idea for Kim to become more vocal about her political views? "
50,"OJ’s Comeback Plan: “Dancing With The Stars"" - EXCLUSIVE OJ Simpson is starting to think about his future and making money, which is why he has begun to assemble a new team who are suggesting that the disgraced former football giant joins the cast of Dancing With The Stars.  “The plan is to find a place to reintroduce OJ to a new audience and hopefully remind his old fans why they once loved him. They do not want a big sit-down interview but rather somewhere where he doesn’t need to do a lot of talking, or explaining. A place where he can be funny and charming. That place is ‘Dancing With The Stars’,” sources tell Straight Shuter.  One top PR executive who doesn’t work with OJ tells us that it isn’t such a bad idea. However, they doubt that the hit Disney show will want anything to do with him. "
51,"Liam Payne Just Dissed Harry Styles' Solo Music  Harry Styles' new music isn't for everyone, not even his former One Direction bandmate Liam Payne.  Cheryl Cole's beau stopped by Music Choice to chat about a range of topics but things got a little dicey when he was asked about Niall Horan's new single ""Slow Hands"" and Harry's ""Sign of the Times.""  Liam called Niall's track ""great"" and ""cool"" but boy did he not mince words when it came to his review of Harry's debut single as a solo artist.  ""I'll be honest with you, it's not my sort of music,"" he shared. ""It's not something I'd listen to, but I think he did a great job of doing what he wanted to do. That's the way I'd put it best, I think."" You think?  ""I think that the funny thing is, [Harry] would say the same thing about me because he doesn't really listen to hip-hop music, whereas it's like my song's more ‘Rack City' and his song is more of a different era to something I'd listen to, I guess.""  Fair enough, Liam, and thank you for the clarification. Just a few days ago, while promoting ""Sign of the Times,"" Harry explained to USA Today that writing his new album was ""like therapy.""  ""I was very much working out what I wanted the album to be up until picking the tracklisting, and I wanted people to go through that with me when listening to that, instead of picking a sound and writing ten of the same things.""  Well, it looks like Harry and his legions of fans are happy with his new music regardless of what any of his former bandmates think! "
52,"David Foster & Katharine McPhee Faking They Romance? : Similar News | NEWZEB  David Foster & girlfriend Katharine McPhee were spotted looking ritzy and smitten at the SAG-AFTRA Foundation Patron of the Artists Awards 2017 earlier this week. Their appearance came just days after RadarOnline.com exclusively reported claims that their relationship is fake! During their outing, they were joined by various A-listers, and the attention-seeking actress couldn’t have been happier under the spotlight! Click through to learn more. Katharine McPhee, 33, will do just about anything to get to the top of the Hollywood pyramid – including dating much-older musician David Foster, 68. The faux couple has been spotted out and about all over the world since news broke of their unlik.. "
53,"Cover Story: Angelina Jolie Solo  There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.  There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.  There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.  Like most things involving Angelina Jolie, stepping foot into her house is an experience so heightened one wonders if it’s for real or the product of careful orchestration. The large gates to her recently purchased Los Feliz house—an 11,000-square-foot Beaux-Arts mansion once owned by the epic filmmaker Cecil B. DeMille—slowly swing open, revealing rolling lawns, lush trees at the perimeter. No one’s there, and all is quiet except for the delicate sound of fountains, arched in a row over a swimming pool. A number of doors to the house are open, as if posing some riddle from a fairy tale—which one to enter? Inside, the vibe is airy and calm: all open windows and cross-breezes, creamy-white unlit candles, soft creamy-white furnishings. Finally she emerges from the other side of the house and glides across the room in a creamy-white, floor-length caftan. Her hair is down, her feet bare, only a touch of makeup, her skin luminous. She smiles widely—a beneficent, ethereal wood nymph. But as soon as she starts speaking, you realize that your preconceived notions about Jolie aren’t quite right. She’s not a celestial goddess. She’s not the high-and-mighty do-gooder. She’s not the intense control freak—or at least not obviously so. She comes across, rather, as normal-person friendly and practical, even chitchatty. She explains the deal with the big empty mansion. She moved into this space just four days ago with her six kids. It wasn’t for the prestigious history or the architecture. She needed a good place fast, somewhere secluded, with a lot of rooms; this one, which was listed for around $25 million, has six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms. Following her September 2016 filing for divorce from Brad Pitt, she and her children spent nine months in a rental, basically living out of suitcases. And so she hasn’t really unpacked, barely knows her way around the place, has never had a real visitor, and isn’t sure where the best spot is to sit and talk. With that in question, she roams from room to room—the fabulous kitchen, worthy of a Nancy Meyers movie, charming gray library with a library ladder (her favorite room in the house), the generous landing at the foot of a sweeping staircase, anchored by a round table with a bouquet of white flowers. She finally settles on the living room, which a set-decorator friend furnished on the fly, with two creamy-white sofas and some big throw pillows. She looks at them curiously. “I didn’t even know I needed ‘throw pillows.’ ” Decorating, house stuff, “that was always Brad’s thing.” On cue, as if taunting her, Jolie’s large Rottweiler, Dusty, soaking from a trip to the pool, jumps onto the sofa, soiling it. She sighs, amused, half tries to wipe it off with her bare hand, then gives up and sits somewhere else. Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. Life in her household is apparently like this—messy, relaxed, normal. The kids are polite but not phony polite. Zahara, 12, whom Jolie describes as “the rock” of the family, comes downstairs. “Zaz!” Jolie cries, midsentence. They discuss the whereabouts of everyone else. Zahara hugs the wet dog. Jolie laughs and tells her daughter about the swim Dusty just took. We move to the kitchen, where Jolie fixes herself a cup of tea. Vivienne, 9, comes in with a friend, having just been at a sleepover. She’s wearing a jean backpack covered with pins. Jolie envelops her in her arms. I ask the girl if she’s called “Viv” or “Vivienne.” “Either one!” she says with a smile. She dumps her stuff on the counter and goes out to play with her friend. Jolie picks up a small piece of a blanket, shredded to death, and explains, laughing, “She has 32 blankets. She is very into her blanket, and she gets very mad if you wash her blanket. She actually said to me the other day, ‘Mom, I can taste my blanket.’ ‘That, honey, is a sign that it really, really needs to be washed.’ ” Jolie tidies up Vivienne’s things and promptly spills her entire mug of tea all over the counter. We step outside and there’s Shiloh, 11, and Knox, 9, hanging out. Shiloh, who likes to dress like a boy, is wearing a camouflage jacket, long shorts, and heavy black sneakers, despite the blazing heat. Knox immediately wants to know when Jolie’s going to put up the waterslide. “How about a ‘Hello, Mom’?” she says, with a hug, sounding like just about every other loving, exasperated mother in America. So far, there’s only one piece of personal artwork up—a black-and-white photograph on the mantelpiece of the six children, smiling and holding their various pets—dogs, reptiles, and rodents.  Jolie and Pitt, who’d been together for 12 years and appeared to be the most gloriously evolved couple in Hollywood, split last September. She filed for divorce suddenly “for the health of the family,” according to her lawyer, and announced she was seeking sole custody of the children, three of whom are adopted (Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, and Zahara), three of whom are biological (Shiloh, Vivienne, and Knox). Things had been rocky for some time, but the last straw was a dramatic trip on a private plane, where there was reportedly a physical and verbal altercation between Pitt and Maddox. When they touched down, Jolie went home with the kids, effectively kicking him out. This was no “Conscious Uncoupling.” An anonymous phone call was made to authorities. The F.B.I. and the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services began investigating Pitt for child abuse. He was soon cleared and later said in an interview with GQ Style that he was smarting from the pain of his suddenly broken family and admitted he had a serious drinking problem. There were rumors he was having an affair with Marion Cotillard (denied by both Pitt and Cotillard). Jolie got the early jump P.R.-wise. But Pitt won hearts and minds with the mea culpa in GQ Style. The two are still negotiating the terms of their divorce. As for Jolie, a life already bursting at the seams—with acting, directing, humanitarian work, parenting six kids, and guest-lecturing on women’s rights at the London School of Economics—just got exponentially bigger and more complicated, because she’s now doing it alone. There’s the chaos surrounding the practical day-to-day—playdates, doctors’ appointments, packing and unpacking, and organizing mealtimes. And there’s the deeper, emotional chaos. “It’s just been the hardest time, and we’re just kind of coming up for air. [This house] is a big jump forward for us, and we’re all trying to do our best to heal our family.” As it happens, the personal trauma has coincided with her most personal film yet. Jolie has directed a moving, large-scale adaptation of First They Killed My Father, Loung Ung’s 2000 memoir of the Khmer Rouge genocide, in which Ung’s parents and two of her siblings perished, along with an estimated two million other Cambodians, a quarter of the country’s population. Shot entirely in Cambodia, and in the Khmer language, the film, a Netflix original, is the largest production the country has witnessed since the war, and according to the reports of several Cambodians who’ve seen it, it’s one of the most revelatory pieces of art about that chapter in the country’s history, a history that’s still difficult for Cambodians to discuss. But if Cambodians consider the film to be something of a gift, then it’s surely a thank-you gift. For Jolie, Cambodia is where she started her family, and it’s where she made a cathartic personal transformation, becoming the woman she is today.  Recall, if you can, the Angelina of the late 90s, the era of Angie Peak Crazy. Specializing in dark volatile characters that seemed extensions of her wild-child restless self, Jolie won three Golden Globes for her roles in television movies and a best- supporting-actress Oscar for her portrayal of a young woman with apparent borderline personality disorder in Girl, Interrupted. She talked freely about having dabbled in heroin and self-cutting, and her love of knives. She and new husband Billy Bob Thornton wore each other’s dried blood in pendants around their necks, and publicly bragged about their wild sex. At the 2000 Oscar ceremony, she talked provocatively about being “so in love . . . right now” with her brother, James, and kissed him with unsettling intimacy. To be sure, Jolie had legitimate pain in her early life—her father, actor Jon Voight, had been unfaithful to her mother, Marcheline Bertrand, and the two split up early on. But it was First World pain. Being Hollywood’s newest “It girl” landed Jolie the title role in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, based on a popular video game. As it happened, the movie, an example of Hollywood’s most vacuous, commercial, shoot-’em-up instincts, was filmed on location in Cambodia. There, Jolie, who’d grown up in privileged bubbles in Los Angeles and New York, witnessed what real suffering looked like: poverty, the loss of limbs from land mines, a generation of relatives wiped out. In this world there was no room for free-floating malaise or self-indulgent antics. And in spite of their profound trials, “I found a people who were so kind and warm and open, and, yes, very complex,” recalls Jolie. “You drive around here you can see a lot of people with many things, but not often expressing happiness. You go there, and you see the families come out with their blanket and their picnic to watch a sunset.” Photographs by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. She suddenly became curious about the world—starting with the country she was in. One day in Siem Reap, Cambodia, she picked up a book that was being sold on the side of the road for $2: Ung’s memoir. It was among the factors that inspired Jolie to find a greater purpose. In 2001, equipping herself with as much knowledge as she could, she contacted the United Nations and eventually became a goodwill ambassador for the High Commissioner for Refugees. On one of her first U.N. missions, in 2002, she returned to Cambodia to meet up with NGO workers who were dealing with land-mine issues. Among them was Ung, the author of that transformative book, who had moved to America since the war but had spent her adult years working on Cambodia’s troubles. She had never seen an Angelina Jolie movie, but Jolie certainly didn’t seem like anyone’s vision of a movie star. “She was just a really cool human being,” recalls Ung. “And she didn’t mind getting dirty.” On her relationship with Brad Pitt: “We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal.” She and Jolie clicked and made a plan to travel together to a land-mine-filled part of Cambodia where Ung hadn’t been since the war. Thus began a sequence that sounds as though it must have been written for a movie—but it wasn’t. They met up with a bunch of de-miners, took off on mo-peds, with only a flashlight and some extra toilet paper as supplies, when a monsoon started. Soaked, they went to bed in hammocks. Before going to sleep, Jolie realized she already trusted Ung enough to ask her about something personal, something big she’d been thinking about—adopting a Cambodian orphan. “I asked her as a Cambodian orphan if she would be offended for somebody like me, an outsider, [to do that], or if that would be a nice thing,” recalls Jolie. Ung was wholeheartedly supportive. “Angie was maternal to everybody around her, not just children, but adults included. I wanted her to adopt me,” says Ung. “I was orphaned when I was eight years old, and so I think, when you’ve gone through experiences like that, there’s always a part of you that craves to have full parent figures in your life.” Jolie says that Ung’s enthusiasm for the idea of her adopting was a deciding factor. Had she responded differently, explains Jolie, “it might have changed my decision. It might have made it very hard for me.” Ung has been in Jolie’s life ever since and is now one of her few close friends. Jolie immediately set the adoption process in motion. A couple of months later, she visited an orphanage in the provincial town of Battambang, having promised herself that she’d go only to one, that she wasn’t going to shop around. But Jolie felt uneasy as she wandered the rooms, meeting the children. “I didn’t feel a connection with any of them,” she recalls. Photographs by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. “They then said, ‘There’s one more baby.’ ” Baby Maddox was lying in a box that was suspended from the ceiling. She looked at him. He looked at her. “I cried and cried,” she recalls.  And thus began a 15-year project, in which Jolie rebranded herself, expanding her world, her family, her career, and her image. She bought a house in Cambodia and became a citizen. In 2003, she started what became the Maddox Jolie-Pitt Foundation, focusing on Cambodia’s environmental conservation, health, education, and infrastructure. She intensified her U.N. work, going on dozens of fact-finding missions, to such global hot spots as Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Iraq, Bosnia, and Haiti. (She’s now been on more than 60 missions.) She split from Thornton, who didn’t understand her newfound passion. She adopted her second child, Zahara, from Ethiopia. In 2004 she met Pitt, on the set of Mr. & Mrs. Smith, when he was still married to Jennifer Aniston. For Jolie, dating Pitt—Hollywood’s gorgeous, laid-back golden boy—catapulted her to another level of fame. Though she has maintained that they didn’t become romantically involved until he and Aniston had split, the couple wasted no time in exhibiting their romance for the pages of W, which did a 32-page spread of them playing house, with a pretend brood of five. Aniston was devastated. For Pitt, dating Jolie meant doing it her way, at least at the outset. It marked the beginning of his own philanthropic life—in Africa, Haiti, and New Orleans—and he formally adopted Maddox and Zahara. He persuaded Jolie to have biological children. She gave birth to Shiloh in 2006, in Namibia, then the twins, Vivienne and Knox, in 2008. In between they adopted Pax, then three, from Vietnam. They bought more homes—in France, Spain, New York, and New Orleans. While Pitt, as a producer and actor, churned out one prestige movie after another (Moonlight, The Tree of Life, Moneyball, 12 Years a Slave), Jolie took a new chance with directing—with In the Land of Blood and Honey, about Bosnia, a project inspired by some of the U.N. work she’d done there. Together, they appeared unstoppable, the most creatively alive citizens on the planet. Nothing seemed beyond their abilities. They traipsed around the globe as a nomadic clan of eight, making art, doing good, and setting up home wherever they happened to be. They tied the knot in 2014, mainly because the kids wanted them to. They had the means to take along tutors for the children wherever they went. But Jolie’s idea of an education meant immersion in the real world, to bring an understanding of one’s “small part in the bigger picture.” For a time, it all worked beautifully. Photographs by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl.  It was 2012, and Jolie had recently finished In the Land of Blood and Honey. She wanted her next project to be just as meaningful, and Ung’s story had at this point been with her for a decade. By the time they had a completed draft, the chance for Jolie to direct Unbroken, based on the best-selling book by Laura Hillenbrand, had come along, and they put the script aside. After that, Maddox, who knew “Auntie” Loung’s story, brought it up. “He was the one who said, ‘It’s time to do it,’ ” says Jolie. She knew that Maddox would be deeply involved in the production, that he’d be “standing there watching horrors that his countrymen did to each other. [So] he had to be ready.” Jolie and Ung dived back in. Credited on the film as an executive producer, Maddox read draft after draft, giving comments. Jolie took it to Netflix, where chief creative officer Ted Sarandos signed on without hesitation. “In the room, she created a visual experience of what this film could be,” recalls Sarandos. “The film is in many ways about the death of beauty, about the way the Khmer Rouge had killed all things beautiful, color itself, which becomes part of the joy of life. . . . That’s what hooked me more than anything.” Despite Jolie’s Cambodian ties, she felt she needed a Cambodian filmmaker to help shepherd the project. So she reached out to Rithy Panh, one of the most famous filmmakers in Cambodia, who had lost family members to the genocide and had chronicled the Khmer Rouge in several documentaries, including The Missing Picture, which was nominated for the best-foreign-language-film Academy Award in 2014. She and Panh agreed that the only way this film could be made was if Cambodia wanted it to be—not a foregone conclusion, given that Cambodians are still somewhat reticent about their painful history. (The Killing Fields, Roland Joffé’s 1984 film about the Khmer Rouge, had to be filmed in Thailand and elsewhere.) The war tribunals, which were set in motion in 2009 and are ongoing, have helped open up the topic. Still, Jolie was trepidatious and approached the country’s culture ministers gingerly, explaining that they were telling not just Ung’s story but also the story of a people. Jolie’s Cambodian track record made the difference, says Ung. “In a country like Cambodia, respect is very much elevated—respect for each other, respect for the culture, respect for the history, respect for the elders. Angie walks in Cambodia with this respect.” Cambodia went all in—closing off Battambang for days, giving the filmmakers permits to land in remote zones, providing them with 500 officials from their actual army to play the Khmer Rouge army. “It’s not a poetic thing to say—[this film] was made by the country,” says Jolie. Between cast and crew, some 3,500 Cambodians participated.  To cast the children in the film, Jolie looked at orphanages, circuses, and slum schools, specifically seeking children who had experienced hardship. In order to find their lead, to play young Loung Ung, the casting directors set up a game, rather disturbing in its realism: they put money on the table and asked the child to think of something she needed the money for, and then to snatch it away. The director would pretend to catch the child, and the child would have to come up with a lie. “Srey Moch [the girl ultimately chosen for the part] was the only child that stared at the money for a very, very long time,” Jolie says. “When she was forced to give it back, she became overwhelmed with emotion. All these different things came flooding back.” Jolie then tears up. “When she was asked later what the money was for, she said her grandfather had died, and they didn’t have enough money for a nice funeral.” That authentic connection to pain was awakened in everyone involved, says Jolie, making for a film set like nothing she’d ever seen. “There wasn’t a person who was working on the movie who didn’t have a personal connection. They weren’t coming to do a job. They were walking in the exodus for the people whom they had lost in their family, and it was out of respect for them that they were going to re-create it . . . It completed something for them.” Some had flashbacks and nightmares. For this reason, a therapist was on set every day. And then there were the odd bystanders who hadn’t been aware that a movie was being made, and were traumatized. In one scene, recalls Jolie, “when the Khmer Rouge came over the bridge, we had a few people who really dropped to their knees and wailed. They were horrified to see them come back.” Given the size and complexity of the production, a different Hollywood director might have, consciously or not, muscled in and flexed her power in a way that might have seemed boorish. According to Ung and Panh, Jolie knows Cambodia so well she’s internalized the country’s character traits. At lunch, she waited in line like everyone else, recalls Panh, and she never raised her voice. “Here we don’t shout. We talk,” he says. In Cambodia, yelling is not just disrespectful—it’s also considered a sign of weakness. Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. Many eyes were on Maddox, who is as famous in Cambodia as Jolie. “It was a way for him to walk in the steps that most likely his birth parents walked,” says Jolie, who wasn’t sure how he’d ultimately react to the experience. Would he connect? Would he want to flee? Jolie was thrilled one morning during the shoot when she heard Maddox say, “Can I go sleep in my house with my friends?,” referring to their house in the jungle, which she had bought back in 2002. “I hadn’t heard him refer to it that way. You can’t push it. You can’t say, ‘Isn’t this great?’ You just have to kind of keep bringing them there, putting it in front of them . . . and hope that they find the pride and find the comfort.” She considers the endeavor to connect Maddox to his homeland—as she does Zahara to Ethiopia and Pax to Vietnam—a family effort, not a solo one. With that in mind, while Pitt was in the Middle East working on War Machine, the other five kids also went to Cambodia and played a role, official or not, in their mother’s movie. Pax did still photography. The other four were on set every day and became close playmates with the child actors. In February, the film premiered for an audience of 1,000 at the outdoor amphitheater near the temple complex of Angkor Wat. According to numerous reports, it was a screening filled with tears of recognition, remembrance, and catharsis. What moved Jolie perhaps more than anything was that “the Cambodian people had a big movie premiere. They saw a movie for which they made the sets. [It was] their actors doing a great job, their country looking beautiful even through all the horrors.”  Alas, while she was making film history for a country, her relationship with Pitt was suffering. By the time First They Killed My Father was in postproduction, in the summer of 2016, “things got bad,” says Jolie. “I didn’t want to use that word. . . . Things became ‘difficult.’ ” There has been Hollywood talk that their lifestyle had taken its toll on Pitt, and that he was craving a more stable, normal life for the whole family. When I bring this question up to her, it’s the one moment when Jolie becomes a bit defensive. “[Our lifestyle] was not in any way a negative,” she says quickly, adamantly. “That was not the problem. That is and will remain one of the wonderful opportunities we are able to give our children . . . They’re six very strong-minded, thoughtful, worldly individuals. I’m very proud of them.” Jolie has indicated that, for the sake of the kids, she doesn’t want to talk about the breakup. And yet it seems she wants to get her point across, which calls for a careful choice of words, something of a high-wire act. “They’ve been very brave. They were very brave.” “In times they needed to be.” Other statements are similarly cryptic. “We’re all just healing from the events that led to the filing . . . They’re not healing from divorce. They’re healing from some . . . from life, from things in life.” I mention Pitt’s mea culpa in GQ Style. Did it surprise her? “No,” she replies, looking unmoved. I refer to tabloid reports that suggest their communication has improved, and ask if that’s true. There’s a long pause. She looks down, formulates an answer. “We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal.” There’s anger and pain right there beneath the surface. But she’s trying to keep the emotions at bay. “I was very worried about my mother, growing up—a lot. I do not want my children to be worried about me. I think it’s very important to cry in the shower and not in front of them. They need to know that everything’s going to be all right even when you’re not sure it is.” Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. Her protectiveness over the kids has become all that more fierce due to her recent brushes with the specter of ovarian cancer; the disease took her mother’s life when she was just 56, as well as those of other family members. In a 2013 New York Times op-ed column, Jolie chronicled her decision to have a preventive double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery after she learned she had the BRCA1 gene. Two years later, while working in the editing room on By the Sea, she got a call from the doctor saying that he was concerned about certain levels in her blood work that potentially suggested cancer. “Ten minutes later, the room’s spinning, and you just think, How . . . ?” She kept the news from the kids, did further tests, and waited a few agonizing days. When she finally learned she didn’t have cancer, “I dropped to my knees.” She made an appointment to get her ovaries taken out. “I went into the actual surgery happy as they come. I was skipping. Because at that point it was just preventative.” She instantly went into menopause. Last year, in addition to hypertension, Jolie developed Bell’s palsy, a result of damage to facial nerves, causing one side of her face to droop. “Sometimes women in families put themselves last,” she says, “until it manifests itself in their own health.” Jolie credits acupuncture for her full recovery from the condition. Lately, her skin has become drier, she reports, and she has extra gray hairs. She quips, “I can’t tell if it’s menopause or if it’s just been the year I’ve had.” The idea that she could still be anyone’s idea of a sex symbol is laughable to her. But she says, “I actually feel more of a woman because I feel like I’m being smart about my choices, and I’m putting my family first, and I’m in charge of my life and my health. I think that’s what makes a woman complete.” Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl.  Tomorrow, Jolie and the kids are headed to Africa. They’re visiting Namibia, where Shiloh was born, and Kenya, where Jolie will be checking in with a project connected to the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative, an organization she co-founded with British former foreign secretary William Hague. Specifically, members of the British military and peacekeepers will be receiving training in how to protect women from sexual violence in crisis zones. It’s not the obvious dream itinerary for a kid, and Jolie admits that she’s started to get a little pushback with the older ones. “I’m conscious that the boys are teenage boys, and maybe they’d rather be watching TV with their friends, and they’ve been to Africa, and they may not be as excited as the little ones. But they don’t really challenge me. They just kind of sit on the edge of my bed and say, ‘What are we going to do there?’ ” She assured them that she’d planned fun activities for them, like sandboarding. In any case, “they know that it’s important, and they know that Mom thinks that it’s going to be important when they’re older.” She knows it sounds a little strange, but Jolie can’t help who she is. “I never woke up and thought, I really want to live a bold life. I just can’t do the other. It’s the same as I can’t make a casserole. I cannot sit still.” For all her earlier talk about being interested in keeping house, now, as the conversation turns to Africa, she’s champing at the bit, desperate to flee. “I’ve been trying for nine months to be really good at just being a homemaker and picking up dog poop and cleaning dishes and reading bedtime stories. And I’m getting better at all three. But now I need to get my boots on and go hang, take a trip.” She believes that her personal will is infectious. The other day she made some joke to Knox along the lines of “Pretend to be normal.” “He said, ‘Who wants to be normal? We’re not normal. Let’s never be normal.’ Thank you—yes! We’re not normal. Let’s embrace being not normal!” Photograph by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott. Styled by Jessica Diehl. To read Vanity Fair’s response to Angelina Jolie’s comments related to the September cover story, click here. Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. "
54,"Kristen Stewart Drops 'Twilight' Movie Plans With Robert Pattinson: Lands New Role In 'Underwater' Thriller | Celeb Dirty Laundry  It looks like Kristen Stewart won't have any time on her hands to make another 'Twilight' movie with Robert Pattinson in the near future. In fact, new reports indicate that the Hollywood star has just landed a new role in the psychological thriller, 'Underwater.'  According to Deadline, the film is about an underwater scientific crew that struggle to survive after an earthquake. Kristen will star as Noah, a woman who ends up in a relationship with another crewmember. And while there have been reports suggesting that Kristen might reunite with her ex-boyfriend Robert Pattinson for another 'Twilight' film, at this point it doesn't look like it's going to happen.  Then again, many fans believe that one of the reasons why there will never be another 'Twilight' movie made again is because Robert Pattinson doesn't want to work with Kristen Stewart again. After all, she absolutely humiliated him right before their break-up in 2012. Robert was devastated when he found out that Kristen was having a secret affair with director Rupert Sanders behind his back. His trust issues with Kristen would make it hard for the two to ever work together again.  Plus, Robert Pattinson has moved on with FKA Twigs. He doesn't want to deal with the tabloid media and even more unnecessary rumors about his personal life. Meanwhile, Kristen is dating model Stella Maxwell. The last thing Robert wants is to be involved in a messy and complicated love triangle with his ex and his current girlfriend. He wants to concentrate on his Hollywood career and not the gossip magazines that write about his love life.  But for Kristen Stewart, she doesn't feel that way. She loves the attention she gets whenever her name is in the headlines. She even mentioned earlier this month that she would be open to filming another 'Twilight' movie if the script and timing were both right. She even told reporters that she would be the first person to read it, too.  What do you think of Kristen's new role in 'Underwater?' Does this mean that she's putting her 'Twilight' days behind her for good? Let us know what you think by dropping us a line with your thoughts in our comments section below. Also, don't forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on Kristen Stewart right here! "
55,"Kendall & Kylie Who? Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts Adoption Plans  RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Caitlyn Jenner is actively exploring the adoption process in a desperate bid to fill the void caused by her strained relationship with her daughters, Kendall and Kylie.  “Caitlyn’s timing in doing this sure is interesting since she’s on such rotten terms with her girls,” an insider explained.  PHOTOS: She’s Out & About! Caitlyn Jenner In Public For First Time Since ‘Vanity Fair’ Blockbuster –– What She Did Explained In 10 Photos  “She’s insisting she doesn’t need a partner to raise a family and in fairness Cait’s a good experienced parent who’s got a lot of love to give.”  As Radar reported, 67-year-old Jenner has grappled with becoming a mom before, but she’s finally got her mind made up.  Still, “the trouble is that Caitlyn’s so self-consumed and preoccupied with her passion projects,” noted the source, “so bringing a new child into her world is the last thing she needs to be doing with her life.”  "
56," Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim’s Perfume Launch  Kim Kardashian made a whopping $10 million in one day over the launch of her new KKW perfume. And according to a source close to the Keeping Up With the Kardashians clan, the star’s 20-year-old makeup mogul sister Kylie Jenner is “fuming!”  “Kylie thinks Kim can’t stop copying her ideas!” a family insider told Radar. “The beauty industry was Kylie’s gig and Kim had enough on her plate already.”  PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Was Nearly Naked When Thrown On Her Bed, Leaked Police Transcript Claims  “Kim is not giving her credit for coming up with these things, and Kylie is just sick of it.”  As fans know, the 36-year-old wife of Kanye West — who just threw a lavish baby shower for the couple’s daughter on the way — collaborated with Jenner for Kylie Cosmetics months ago. Ultimately, she ventured off on her own and has since made a fortune off of her KKW highlighting kit.  PHOTOS: Prince Kicks Kim Kardashian Out During Performance In Epic Diss: ‘Get Off The Stage!’  “Kylie doesn’t understand why Kim just can’t do her own thing,” the source told Radar.  Do you think that Kim Kardashian was wrong for launching her KKW line after collaborating with her younger sister? Sound off below.   "
57,"JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings - EXCLUSIVE  JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings – EXCLUSIVE   After the disastrous ratings for Hairspray Live NBC is reconsidering its live holiday musical tradition and are considering cancelling next years broadcast of 'Bye Bye Birdie' staring Jennifer Lopez.  ""They committed to Jennifer before they got the terrible ratings for Hairspray. These Live specials cost a fortune and unless they get great ratings they cannot afford to do them,"" sources tell Straight Shuter. ""Internally they are having a conversation discussing if they should even move forward at all with 2017 musical starring Jennifer or just cancel it and run a much cheaper movie. At the moment it seems that they are 50/50, but no-one want to be the one to tell Jennifer that she has been fired."" "
58,"Kim Kardashian Reportedly Cheating With Marquette King as She Gears up for Divorce From Kanye West  In Touch exclusively revealed that Kim Kardashian is ready to file for divorce from Kanye West - but has she REALLY been cheating on him with Oakland Raiders punter Marquette King?  The NFL star seemingly took to Twitter to address rumors that they've been getting close amid Kanye's mental breakdown, which were originally started by sports blogger Terez Owens. While he doesn't appear to confirm or deny an affair, her reps said there is ""no truth whatsoever"" to the reports and labeled the situation ""fabricated.""  As In Touch previously reported, Kim has been speaking with famed divorce attorney Laura Wasser and asked for documents to be drawn up. It has yet to be confirmed if Laura, who is also a friend of the reality star, will represent Kim during the proceedings.  An insider blames the rapper's paranoia as a reason for the demise of their marriage.  ""Kim is miserable and wants this marriage to be over,"" says the source. ""This isn't what [she] signed up for when she married Kanye. She's done."" "
59,"Blue Ivy To Play Nurse For Pregnant Mom Beyoncé  When Beyoncé goes into labor, she’ll have one very special helper by her side: 5-year-old daughter Blue Ivy!  According to an insider, the superstar and hubby Jay Z have agreed to let Blue play nurse  when the singer gives birth to twins, which the insider claims will happen via C-section in June  “Blue will be one of the first to hold the babies, with help from Jay, of course,  and she’ll be responsible for writing down their height and weight,” shares the insider.  “She’ll even get to help tie the ID bracelets on their wrists.”  Though some might be hesitant to have a child in the operating room,  Bey and Jay “want to make Blue feel included in anything related to bringing the twins into the world,” the insider says.  “She’s excited — and they don’t want her to be jealous.” Paging Nurse Blue! "
60,"Kim Kardashian explains why she won’t be voting for Trump after all  For a moment there, it seemed that Hillary Clinton had lost the Kim Kardashian vote.  The reality TV star backed Clinton as early as August 2015 and, in typical Kim Kardashian fashion, had declared her allegiance via selfie.  But last week, reports emerged that Kardashian was thinking of voting for Donald Trump after Caitlyn Jenner — a Republican who spoke during the party’s convention this summer — encouraged her to reconsider her vote.  It all stemmed from a Kardashian quote attributed to an upcoming Wonderland magazine cover story. The quote does not appear in the online version of the magazine, but BuzzFeed reports that it did appear in an advance version sent to certain outlets, including to BuzzFeed UK.  The reported quote read: “At first I thought, ‘Oh my god, I’m so Hillary [Clinton],’ but I had a long political call with Caitlyn [Jenner] last night about why she’s voting Trump. I’m on the fence.”  Headlines declared “Kim Kardashian Is Suddenly (And Disappointingly) Considering Voting For Donald Trump,” “Caitlyn Jenner Convinces Kim Kardashian to Consider Trump” and “Hillary Clinton Supporter Kim Kardashian Might Vote for Donald Trump.”  And, according to Kardashian, her phone blew up with messages from family, friends and both candidates’ camps. So she took to her website Saturday night and explained why she was “‘on the fence’ about my vote,” she wrote.  [Master of horror fiction Stephen King says ‘Trump presidency scares me to death’]  “There was a point when I wasn’t 100% sure I was even going to vote in this election; I didn’t want to vote blindly,” she wrote. “But I also thought about how not voting would mean that I wasn’t making my voice heard, so I decided to talk to my closest friends and family who I love and trust, to have an open conversation about politics.”  She spoke with Jenner, who encouraged her “to do my research before making my decision and then vote for the candidate whose policies aligned with the things that matter most to me.” For Kardashian, that included “gun control and protecting women’s rights to safe and legal abortion.”  Kardashian continued: “I found that without a doubt, I stand with Hillary. I’m with her. I believe Hillary will best represent our country and is the most qualified for the job. This year, I’m not just voting for myself, but also for my children, and I took that into careful consideration when I made my decision.”  She also wrote that she believed both Clinton and Trump “have the intention of making the country a safer and stronger place for every American.”  Jenner, for her part, has made varying statements about Trump and Clinton. In a March episode of her show, “I Am Cait,” she said she was not a Trump fan because of “his macho attitude” but would “never ever ever vote for Hillary. We’re done, if Hillary becomes president. The country is over.”  But in August, Jenner told HBO’s Bill Simmons, “I honestly have not outwardly supported anybody.”  Kim Kardashian: ‘I want my children to grow up knowing that their lives matter.’   "
61,"Kanye West Celebrates 40th Birthday With Kim Kardashian in the Bahamas, Then Gets Back to Work  The “Famous” rapper rocked a beige sweater, camouflage cargo pants, and his new, unreleased Yeezy sneakers while leaving a business meeting on Wednesday (June 7) in Calabasas, Calif.  This past week, Kanye and his wife Kim Kardashian dropped nearly half a million dollars (via E! News) and headed to the Bahamas with their family for some early birthday celebrations.  The two “had a great time on vacation in Baker’s Bay [on the island of Great Guana Cay in the Bahamas],” Entertainment Tonight reports. “They spent six days at a private home and were able to go totally off the map. No work or social media, it’s just what their family needed. Kanye brought his friend, Don Crowley, along with his family. The children had a great time. They hung around at the pool most of the day.”  They reportedly stayed at the home of Mike Meldman, who owns Casamigos Tequila along with with Rande Gerber and George Clooney.  “Cheers!” Kim captioned an Instagram video of herself living it up in a black bikini (below).  Two weeks ago, Kanye and Kim rang in three years of marriage with a romantic meal. "
62,"Weinstein Sues Weinstein Company, Demanding Access to Records  Harvey Weinstein, who was fired by the studio he had helped found after The New York Times revealed decades of sexual harassment allegations against him, sued the Weinstein Company on Thursday to demand access to records and emails.  The complaint, filed in Delaware Chancery Court, said Mr. Weinstein needed the materials to defend himself. More than 50 women have come forward in recent weeks to accuse Mr. Weinstein of sexual harassment or rape.  “Mr. Weinstein believes that his email account — which is the primary, if not only, account he used during the term of his employment by the company — will contain information exonerating him,” the complaint said.  Mr. Weinstein also wants access to his former email account and other company documents, including his personnel file, to pursue a claim of wrongful termination against the Weinstein Company, according to the complaint. He also wants to pursue legal action against the studio “for mismanagement by leaking confidential company information” — saying that certain news reports about his behavior “could have only come from his personnel file.”  According to the filing, Mr. Weinstein is also seeking the materials to protect his 20 percent ownership stake in the studio by making sure it does not sell itself for a bargain price or make “unjustified settlements” with women who have made allegations against him. “If the board agrees to sell the company for less than it would be worth because of the threat of unsubstantiated or false allegations, Mr. Weinstein will receive less than he should have received,” the complaint said.  Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Weinstein has repeatedly denied “any allegations of nonconsensual sex.” "
63,"Is Evian Water The Secret Behind Cameron Diaz's Great Skin? Read more at: https://tr.im/207sZ  This is one of those rumors that is so ridiculous we wish it were true! Star magazine is reporting in their latest issue that A-list actress Cameron Diaz only uses bottled water to bathe.  ""Nothing but the best for Cameron, who has admitted to using only Evian water to wash her sensitive skin. Good thing she earns $18 million a movie!""  RumorFix reached out to a friend of Cameron's who gave us the real deal regarding the rumor. Asked if the Bad Teacher only used bottled water for bathing, we were told, ""No! Of course not.""  We also did a little digging after the fact and discovered that back in 2000, Cam did once admit to using Evian water for washing her face, but not her entire body as indicated in the article. We can see how Star came to their conclusion, but it's a total exagerration based off a statement made 11 years ago and now, just not true.   "
64,"Prince William and Kate Middleton Moving Out Of Kensington Palace? | Celeb Dirty Laundry  Prince William and Kate Middleton are already thinking about moving out of Kensington Palace. That’s because William doesn’t want his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to grow up behind palace walls. Instead, he wants them to live a life out of the spotlight and as far away from the paparazzi as possible.  In his interview with British GQ, Prince William said that the most important thing for him is knowing that Prince George and Princess Charlotte will grow up in a happy, stable secure world.  In other words, he doesn’t want his kids to experience the same royal hustle and bustle that he had while growing up behind closed doors. And while Prince William and Kate Middleton haven’t fully moved in to Kensington Palace just yet, they are already thinking about their next move. Apparently, London is the last place that William wants to be with Kate and their kids.  Of course, if Prince William and Kate Middleton do end up moving from Kensington Palace, royal observers wouldn’t be surprised. It’s taken them this long to move back to London after having spent the last several years at Anmer Hall. Prince William has made it no secret that he doesn’t want his children to have the same childhood he had while growing up.  Ideally, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would love to move back to Anmer Hall. It was a gift given to them by Queen Elizabeth. The property boasts a swimming pool and private tennis court and enough room for Prince George and Princess Charlotte to run around in all day and night.  But of course for Prince William this won’t be easy. He can try and live a private life as much as he wants to, but at the same time he is the future King of England. Prince George and Princess Charlotte are going to be in the spotlight whether he likes it or not. And as much as he would love to return to Anmer Hall in the future, it might not happen.  All of his royal responsibilities and engagements are in London. That’s why many royal fans believe that sooner or later William will just have to suck up his feelings and do the job he was born to do.  In the meantime, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here! "
65,"Kourtney Kardashian Neglecting Her Children To Party In Cannes? | Celeb Dirty Laundry  Is Kourtney Kardashian neglecting her children to party in Cannes? That’s what a lot of fans can’t help but wonder as Kris Jenner was spotted taking care of her children, Mason and Penelope Disick near her family home in Calabasas, California on Wednesday, May 24. Kris took her grandchildren to run errands with her while Kourtney was frolicking with her new boy toy Younes Bendjima.  Eyewitnesses say that Kris took Mason and Penelope along with Kim Kardashian’s daughter North West out for frozen yogurt. She’s babysitting her grandchildren while Kourtney and Scott are partying thousands of miles away in Cannes.  A lot of fans can’t help but wonder why Kourtney would still be in Cannes knowing that Scott is there with his new girlfriend Bella Thorne. Apparently, both parents are trying to compete with each other for paparazzi and media attention while their children are back at home.  Sure, Kourtney Kardashian loves her children and puts them first in her life – she’s proven it plenty of times in the past. But is her new romance with Younes Bendjima getting in the way of her parental responsibilities? That might be the case, especially since a lot of people are pointing out that both Kourtney and Scott are acting like children themselves.  Kourtney has spent the last week showing off her bikini body and making out with Younes in the South of France. Taking a page out of her book, Scott is now doing the same by partying with Bella. He was even spotted getting very up close and personal with her at their hotel pool in Cannes. Clearly, Scott is trying to make a point by cuddling and making out with the former Disney star in the same town as his ex and baby mama.  So far Kourtney has not made any comments about her new relationship with Younes Bendjima. But if there’s one thing for certain, it’s that she doesn’t plan on getting back with Scott Disick anytime soon.  That chapter is closed, done and in the past. Still, many critics can’t help but wonder if Kourtney might be flaunting her relationship with Younes to make Scott jealous. After all, Scott did it to her several times in the past.  Either way, it doesn’t look like Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick’s drama is going to end anytime soon. In the meantime, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news on Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick. "
66," Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done With His Most Recent Album?  Just over one week ago, Drake surprised the world by announcing a new single was on its way, and then by dropping said track just a few days later in the middle of a Louis Vuitton runway show in Paris. For those who didn’t get an invite to the exclusive event, “Signs” was uploaded to Spotify shortly thereafter, and since then it's been streamed millions of times and discussed at length across social channels.  The new Drake track sounds like it could be the next big hit for the hip-hop superstar, who obviously wants to own the summer in the same way he did last year with his first No. 1 hit as a lead artist, “One Dance.” “Signs” has yet to hit the Hot 100, but it will in a short time, and it could grant the rapper another serious smash.  Many people have started wondering what the release of this new poppy offering means for Drake, who is only a few months removed from his last chart-topping effort on the Billboard 200. As always, he has been mum on the subject, but there is plenty of precedent in his past to suggest that a new collection could already be in the works from the biggest name in music.  Over the past few years, Drake has sped up his release schedule, and he never allows much time to pass in between one album and the next (or whatever he’s calling them these days). He dropped two mixtapes in 2015, an album in 2016 and less than a year later in March 2017, his playlist project More Life topped the albums tally with ease. All of those items were massive moments in music and successful in terms of sales and especially streams, and while he could have kept them alive and promoted them more intensely, Drake doesn’t seem concerned with the shelf life of his music, instead focusing his energy on creating more and more content.  It might only be a few months old, but the superstar Grammy winner seems to have already moved on from More Life, even though it remains inside the top 10 on the Billboard week after week. He hasn’t gone out of his way to do much in the way of promotion, and while every track featured on the collection initially charted on the Hot 100, only two have managed to hold on, and neither is currently residing inside the top 40 any longer.  Drake also has a habit of mixing timelines and pushing more than one project simultaneously, which would likely be disastrous for any other artist. Back in July 2015, he unleashed “Hotline Bling,” which would quickly go on to become one of his highest-charting efforts and something of a signature song. Just a few months later, he and Future dropped their collaborative mixtape What A Time To Be Alive, which confusingly didn’t feature “Bling.” That song wouldn’t end up on a collection until nine months later, when Views finally conquered the world. The name Drake turned out to be powerful enough to keep both the song going and to send What A Time To Be Alive to the top of the Billboard 200 without issue, so now he knows he can balance two different projects at once.  At the moment, “Signs” is currently being pushed as a standalone single, but in Drake’s world, that could change in a moment. Depending on how well it performs on the charts and how long it is able to last, it could wind up serving as the lead cut from an upcoming album, or mixtape, or playlist project or anything really. Drake has established himself as not only one of the most successful artists of all time, but also one of the most unpredictable, which is what is required by today’s fast-paced music industry. "
67,"Retiring Soon? Kanye West Is Stepping Away From Spotlight  The 'Famous' hitmaker is reportedly planning to step away from the spotlight for an indefinite amount of time. Kanye West sparks retirement speculations after he recently deleted his social media accounts. Rumor has it, the ""Famous"" hitmaker is planning to step away from the spotlight for an indefinite amount of time.   ""Kanye never found the happiness he was looking for by being famous. In fact, if anything, the spotlight made him unhappier. He has decided to take a break and step away for a while,"" sources reveal.   ""Not going to the Met ball was a big deal for him,"" the sources tell Naughty Gossip, ""He loves that event and thinks of himself as a serous designer. He has just had enough and doesn't care if he is never photographed again.""   Kanye recently resurfaced in Malibu after reportedly making a trip to Wyoming mountaintop to record his new album. He tried to avoid public events as much as possible after he experienced a breakdown during his concert last year.    "
68,"Teresa Giudice Running For New Jersey Governor: EXCLUSIVE  Real Housewife, Teresa Giudice, isn’t happy just being a reality star, now the New Jersey girl is getting advice that she should run for governor.  “Teresa couldn’t do a worse job than Chris Christie. At first it was suggested that she run for Governor as a press stunt but now she is really thinking about it,” sources tell Straight Shuter. “She has a massive social media following to get her message out and she has a lot of good ideas about how to help her State. Plus, she isn’t going to be shutting down any access to bridges. It’s about time real people took back political power and after her stay in jail, Teresa isn’t frightened of anyone.” "
69,"Tom Cruise awkwardly swerves question about daughter Suri  Tom Cruise politely responded to a question about daughter Suri at his Mummy premiere last night, but didn't appear comfortable enough talking about her to elaborate on the answer.  The 54-year-old actor was asked whether he thought 11-year-old Suri might have the acting gene just like him and mum Katie Holmes.  ""You never know, you never know,"" he replied awkwardly to The Sydney Herald..    He then turned the subject back onto himself, before continuing: ""For me, I just love making movies. I have been doing it my whole life. I am shooting Mission Impossible right now.  ""I just left from France to be here today and while I was doing it, I was in post production on another film, one I have coming out in August called American Made and I am also prepping two other films, it's just what I do.""  While the Mission Impossible star prefers to keep his family life private, which is fair enough, there were reports last year that he hadn't seen Suri for three years.  Katie and Tom divorced in June 2012, with US Weekly claiming that the last time he saw Suri was when they were pictured at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Florida three years ago.  They commented: ""Tom hasn't seen or even called Suri in about three years. Tom has no relationship with Suri. Tom has no relationship with Suri.""    However, neither Tom nor Katie responded to the speculation.  Katie is Suri's primary carer, with the 38-year-old Dawson's Creek star recently sharing pictures from her daughter's birthday on Instagram.  She also posted a throwback photo of Suri and added the caption: ""My light"". "
70,"Tyra Banks still on top as she makes her debut as new America's Got Talent host  Share this article with Google Plus  Tyra Banks made her debut as the new host of America’s Got Talent.  Tyra takes over from ex-presenter Nick Cannon, and she appeared on the show – which is basically a US version of Britain’s Got Talent – for the first time on Tuesday.  And the America’s Next Top Model star made quite the entrance as she strutted through the crowd handing out high-fives.  She joins judges Simon Cowell, Mel B, Howie Mandel and Heidi Klum on the 12th season of the show.  As Simon introduced her, Tyra got a standing ovation from the audience and joined Mr Cowell on stage.  Tyra said: ‘I am so excited to be standing next to this sexy man.’  The star contestant of the night was 12-year-old ventriloquist Darci Lynne Farmer from Oklahoma City.  Her act, with a rabbit puppet called Petunia, impressed Mel so much that she made Darci her Golden Buzzer act.  As an overwhelmed Darci burst into tears Mel joined her on stage and gave her a big hug.  Simon said that he would remember her ‘in a week, in a month and in a year.’  He added: ‘When you’ve got it, you’ve got it.’  Hopefully Tyra remembers which show she’s hosting in the next episode.  In a blooper reel shown on America’s Got Talent, she slipped up and got the names of her programmes – AGT and ANTM – confused.  ‘Did you hear what I just said?’ she said in the outtake. Well they both sound really similar…  Tyra debut episode also featured a chicken who can play the keyboard. No really.  "
71,"Paul McCartney Is Not Dead (And Neither Is the Past)  This January marks the tenth anniversary of the Beatles' appearance on the American charts. Last month Rolling Stone conducted its first full-scale interview with Paul McCartney, in six sessions starting in a London recording studio and ending on a New York street. The New York sessions took place the day after McCartney had entered the US for the first time in two years, visa problems stemming from two marijuana violations now finally resolved.  McCartney was cautious in his responses during the first two sessions. He and Linda remembered being on vacation in Scotland when they were first shown John Lennon's lengthy interview (Rolling Stone Number 74 and Number 75, January 21st and February 4th, 1971), and having been deeply hurt by it. At first he seemed to want to avoid the kind of controversy Lennon's interview had generated but in later conversations he became freer with his answers.  Because the various sessions were necessarily disconnected, our text does not follow in all cases the actual sequence of questions. For example, McCartney's discussion of his legal difficulties is compiled from three separate conversations. One of those discussions was prompted by an incident on a New York street. We were walking down 54th Street towards the New York office of Eastman and Eastman, attorneys – Lee and John Eastman, father and brother of Linda McCartney (whose photographs illustrate this interview).  A man in a gray suit with a colorful umbrella approached McCartney and asked, ""Mr. McCartney? This is for you."" It was an American copy of a process from Allen Klein that had been served on Paul two weeks before in London. An outraged PR man howled; McCartney smiled and told the man, ""Thank you very much."" He was being sarcastic.  The villain of the scenario, so far as he was concerned, was not the man in the gray suit, but Klein himself, whom McCartney calls a ""punk."" McCartney claims he sued his fellow ex-Beatles in High Court because it was the only way to sue Klein. When we queried the head of ABKCO Industries about the suit, he seemed to relish the new confrontation. ""He now has the opportunity to say anything he wants in court,"" Klein told us. ""He has his opportunity to fight me face to face. I am welcoming it. Now he's in the same ring with me. Isn't that what he wanted?""  John Eastman made this statement concerning the Beatles/Apple/Klein suits and Paul's involvement in them:  ""John Lennon, George Harrison, Ringo Starr, Yoko Ono, Apple and others started an action in England against ABKCO and Klein. This complaint alleges ABKCO and Klein took excessive commissions, practiced fraud, suggested conduct which would have been a fraud on the tax authorities in the US and UK, mismanaged Bangla Desh and otherwise mismanaged the affairs of the complainant. This action is now pending against ABKCO and Klein.  ""ABKCO then sued Lennon, Harrison, Starr, Yoko Ono, Apple and other related companies in the US. It claims damages against them of $63,461,372.87 plus future earnings.  ""ABKCO also joined Paul, claiming conspiracy. Its only claim against Paul is that Paul conspired with Yoko Ono, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr as well as Bag Production and other corporations wantonly, maliciously, fraudulently, wrongfully and intentionally without justification in law or fact to damage or injure plaintiff (ABKCO).' Damages are sought for this alleged conspiracy of $34 million plus interest.""  Our interviews were delayed some months, first by a Wings tour and later by a series of recording sessions in Nigeria. Even after that wait, the McCartneys seemed surprised at how much we wanted to know. In the end they were interviewed in a London recording studio, Paul's Soho office, Lee Eastman's offices and apartment in New York (where baby Stella McCartney wore the interviewer's watch on her foot) and the studio of cover photographer Francesco Scavullo. As the interview begins, Paul is telling how he wrote one of the songs he recorded in Nigeria.  – P.G.  We were in Jamaica on holiday and we were staying in a little house outside Montego Bay, and we read in the local newspaper, The Daily Gleaner, that Dustin Hoffman and Steve McQueen were in town filming Papillon. They were just along the coast from us. We were saying it would be great to meet him, have dinner with him, so Linda rang up. She's good at that, I'm always a bit embarrassed.  We got friendly and were chatting away. We'd been talking about songwriting, and Dustin was saying he thought it was an incredible gift to be able to write a song about something. People think that, but I always maintain it's the same as any gift. It probably is more magical because it's music, and I think it is more magical. But take his acting talent. It's great. I was saying, ""It's the same as you and acting, when the man says 'Action!' you just pull it out of the bag, don't you? You don't know where it comes from, you just do it! How do you get all of your characterizations? It's just in you.  So he says, ""You mean you can just do it, like that?"" He was lovely, Dustin. [Does Dustin Hoffman impersonation.] ""You can just do it?"" We went back a couple of days later and he said, ""I've been thinking about this, I've seen a little thing in Time magazine about Picasso, and it struck me as being very poetic. I think this would be really great set to music."" It was one of those Passed On bits, you know, Transition or whatever they call it. ... [Sees unusually dressed studio assistant.] ... Transvestite. ... So he says there's a little story here. In the article he supposedly said, ""Drink to me, drink to my health, you know I can't drink any more."" He went to paint a bit, and then he went to bed at three in the morning. He didn't wake up the next morning and they found him, dead.  I happened to have my guitar with me, I'd brought it around, and I said, yeah, sure. I strummed a couple of chords I knew I couldn't go wrong on and started singing ""Drink to me, drink to my health,"" and he leaps out of his chair and says, ""Annie! Annie!"" That's his wife. He says, ""Annie! Annie! The most incredible thing! He's doing it! He's writing it! It's coming out!"" He's leaping up and down, just like in the films, you know. And I'm knocked out because he's so appreciative. I was writing the tune there and he was well-chuffed.  Then we went to Nigeria and we were working in Ginger's studio – Ginger Baker/ARC Studio in Lagos, nice studio down there. We thought we'd do this Picasso number, and we started off doing it straight. Then we thought, Picasso was kind of far out in his pictures, he'd done all these different kinds of things, fragmented, Cubism and the whole bit. I thought it would be nice to get a track a bit like that, put it through different moods, cut it up, edit it, mess around with it – like he used to do with his pictures. You see the old films of him painting, he paints it once and if he doesn't like it he paints it again, right on top of it, and by about 25 times he's got his picture. So we tried to use this kind of idea, I don't know much about it to tell you the truth, but what we did know we tried to get in the song, sort of a Cubist thing.   Then there was the trouble in Nigeria with Fela Ransome Kuti [Ex-Ginger Baker's Air Force]. You heard about that? All it was was we were recording in Lagos. Lately we've gone to two different places to record, just for the fun of it. We've been to Lagos and to Paris and in both of the places they say, ""Why did you come here? You've got much better studios in England or America, you must be daft!"" And we say, ""Well, it's just for the fun, it's just to come somewhere different for a different type of turn-on, that's all."" They never really seem to be able to understand it. I think old Fela, when he found us in Lagos, thought, ""Hello, why have they come to Lagos?"" And the only reason he could think of was that we must be stealing black music, black African music, the Lagos sound, we'd come down there to pick it up. So I said, ""Do us a favor, we do OK as it is, we're not pinching your music.""  They felt that they have their own little ethnic thing going and these big foreigners are taking all their bit and beating them back to the West with it. Because they have a lot of difficulty getting their sound heard in the West. There's not an awful lot of demand, except for things like, what was it, ""Soul Makossa."" Except for that kind of thing they don't really get heard.  And they are brilliant, it's incredible music down there. I think it will come to the fore. And I thought my visit would, if anything, help them, because it would draw attention to Lagos and people would say, ""Oh, by the way, what's the music down there like?"" and I'd say it was unbelievable. It is unbelievable. When I heard Fela Ransome Kuti the first time, it made me cry, it was that good.  You've just had some musicians leave, haven't you? Our drummer [Denny Seiwell] didn't want to come to Africa. I don't know quite why. He was a bit nervous about coming to Africa. We're all going to Africa to record and if the drummer won't come, what do you do? You don't say, ""Well, we'll see you when we get back, thanks a lot we understand."" You say, ""Well, er, ummm,"" and he leaves.  I think [guitarist] Henry McCulloch came to a head one day when I was asking him to play something he didn't really fancy playing. We all got a bit choked about it, and he rang up later and said he was leaving. I said, ""Well, OK."" That's how that happened. You know, with the kind of music we play, a guitarist has got to be a bit adaptable. It was just one of those things. I don't think there was anything wrong with them as musicians, they were both good musicians, but they just didn't fit in.  In the film 'A Hard Day's Night,' there were the stereotypes – if you remember John the thinker, Ringo the loner, and Paul the happy-go-lucky. Did you object to that? No, I didn't mind it. No, no; I still don't. I was in a film. I don't care what they picture me as. So far as I'm concerned I'm just doing a job in a film. If the film calls for me to be a cheerful chap, well, great; I'll be a cheerful chap.  It does seem to have fallen in my role to be kind of a bit more that than others. I was always known in the Beatle thing as being the one who would kind of sit the press down and say, ""Hello, how are you? Do you want a drink?"" and make them comfortable. I guess that's me. My family loop was like that. So I kind of used to do that, plus a little more polished than I might normally have done, but you're aware you're talking to the press. ... You want a good article, don't you, so you don't want to go sluggin' the guys off.  But I'm not ashamed of anything I've been, you know. I kind of like the idea of doing something and if it turns out in a few years to look a bit sloppy I'd say, ""Oh well, sloppy. So what?"" I think most people dig it. You get people livin' out in Queens or say Red Creek, Minnesota, and they're all wiped out themselves ... you know, ordinary people. Once you get into the kind of critical bit, people analyzing you and then you start to look at yourself and start to analyze yourself, and you think, oh Christ, you got me, and things start to rebound on ya, why didn't I put on a kind of smart image ... you know, why wasn't I kind of tougher? I'm not really tough. I'm not really lovable, either, but I don't mind falling in the middle. My dad's advice: moderation, son. Every father in the world tells you moderation. [Linda laughs hysterically in the background.]  British parents aren't different ... No, they're exactly the same. My dad could be the perfect American stereotype father. He's a good lad, though; I like him, you know.  I tell you what. I think that a lot of people worried about that kind of stuff didn't often have very good family scenes, and something happened in their family to make them bitter. OK, in the normal day-to-day life a lot of polished talk goes on ... you don't love everyone you meet, but you try and get on with people, you know, you don't try and put 'em up-tight; most people don't anyway.  So to me that's always been the way. I mean, there's nothin' wrong with that; why should I go around slugging people? I really didn't like all that John did. But I'm sure that he doesn't now.  Have you talked to him about that? No, but I know John and I know that most of it was just something to tell the newspapers. He was in that mood then and he wanted all that to be said. I think, now, whilst he probably doesn't regret it, he didn't mean every single syllable of it. I mean, he came out with all stuff like I'm like Engelbert Humperdinck. I know he doesn't really think that. In the press, they really wanted me to come out and slam John back and I used to get pissed at the guys coming up to me and saying, ""This is the latest thing John said and what's your answer."" And I'd say, ""Well, don't really have much of an answer. He's got a right to say ..."" – you know, really limp things, I'd answer. But I believe keep cool and that sort of thing and it passes over. I don't believe if someone kind of punches you over you have to go kind of thumping him back to prove you're a man and that kind of thing. I think, actually, you do win that way in the end, you know.  What was your reaction when you read that stuff at the time? Oh, I hated it. You can imagine, I sat down and pored over every little paragraph, every little sentence. ""Does he really think that of me?"" I thought. And at the time, I thought, ""It's me. I am. That's just what I'm like. He's captured me so well; I'm a turd, you know."" I sat down and really thought, I'm just nothin'. But then, well, kind of people who dug me like Linda said, ""Now you know that's not true, you're joking. He's got a grudge, man; the guy's trying to polish you off."" Gradually I started to think, great, that's not true. I'm not really like Engelbert; I don't just write ballads. And that kept me kind of hanging on; but at the time, I tell you, it hurt me. Whew. Deep.  Could you write a song or songs with John again? I could. It's totally fresh ground, right now, 'cause I just got my visa, too. About two or three days ago; and until then, I couldn't physically write a song with John; he was in America. He couldn't get out. I couldn't get in. But now that's changed so whole new possibilities are opening up. Anything could happen. I like to write with John. I like to write with anyone who's good.  Right now you yourself are working on The Mouse Gang. No, it's not the Mouse Gang, it's a show that will be called the Bruce McMouse Show.  I was thinking of The Zoo Gang. The Zoo Gang, that's right, that's just a theme tune for a television show I was asked to do. Bruce McMouse is another thing. We filmed the last couple of dates at the end of Wings' first European tour. Bruce lives under the stage, you see. [Bruce and his family are animated and their exploits are spliced in between Wings' footage for a television film.]  Are you constantly deluged with this type of offer? Not deluged. I get quite a few, you know. I just try and choose the ones I like the sound of. It's not anything I plan out. I remember a thing in Rolling Stone – there's a little bit of chat, I read the papers, you know – that said ""McCartney's going to do Live and Let Die, so it's come to that, has it?"" I thought, you silly sods. Because we were talking to another paper and when I said I was going to do Live and Let Die, the 007 thing, the reporter said, ""Hey, man, that's real hip."" So it just depends which way you look at it.  ""Give Ireland Back to the Irish"" was the first of your singles in eight years that didn't sell in America and Britain. Before I did that, I always used to think, God, John's crackers, doing all these political songs. I understand he really feels deeply, you know. So do I. I hate all that Nixon bit, all that Ireland bit, and oppression anywhere. I think our mob do, our generation do hate that and wish it could be changed, but up until the actual time when the paratroopers went in and killed a few people, a bit like Kent State, the moment when it is actually there on the doorstep, I always used to think it's still cool to not say anything about it, because it's not going to sell anyway and no one's gonna be interested.  So I tried it, it was Number One in Ireland and, funnily enough, it was Number One in Spain, of all places. I don't think Franco could have understood.  [At this point Paul receives word that a playback of Bruce McMouse is beginning in the control room. He excuses himself and we chat with Linda while Denny Laine plays a medley of Tim Hardin songs on the studio piano.]  Did you feel scared when McCartney was released, since that was your debut and the first song was pegged at you? No. I didn't take it as seriously as I probably should have. I think it was good copy at the time to slag everything. Everybody was getting slagged, the Beatles were getting slagged. I personally didn't realize you had to explain yourself a lot once you get into the public eye. I just carried on with my normal life, like I had in New York, and I just got all this slagging. It never really brought me down much, though.  Do you think any Mrs. McCartney in that situation would have been slagged? I think in what was going down then, yes. There was so much trouble for everybody, not done by one particular person, that everybody was getting blamed. I still can't look at it from the angle that I'm Mrs. McCartney. You know what I mean? I still see me as the person I've always been, either you like me or you don't. Paul likes me. [Laughter.]  And stood up for you during the slagging. He was living with me, he knows I'm a good chick, he knows I don't have any bad motives. I'm not a grabber, I'm not any of that. He wouldn't have married me if I had been. So he stuck by me.  I just read totally bizarre stuff about myself. People would do an article on me and then an article on Yoko from childhood on up. I couldn't believe it. It was total fantasy. I mean, none of that happened, folks.  Unlike John, who went to a solo career, Paul went to a group. John didn't really go to a solo career, there was the Plastic Ono Band and that. But Paul is very much a teamwork person. He doesn't like working just on his own. He still gets nervous. He likes working with people, bouncing off people and having them bounce off him. He likes helping people.   Have you ever entertained the thought of doing a record by yourself? Not Linda McCartney's Great Single, no. I fool around with the songs I write, but I don't take it as a serious career.  You do have the novelty single coming up? Yes. I did a song, ""Seaside Woman,"" right after we'd been to Jamaica, about three or four years ago, I guess. Very reggae-inspired. That's when ATV was suing us saying I was incapable of writing, so Paul said, ""Get out and write a song."" And then about a week ago we went in to do a B side for it of something I'd written in Africa, some chords I wrote in Africa, and we just talk over it. It's very sort of Fifties R&B, the Doves, the Penguins. I love that, that was my era. I'm New York, you know, Alan Freed and the whole bit.  We're going to put the single out under the name Suzi and the Red Stripes. When we were in Jamaica, there had been a fantastic reggae version of ""Suzi Q,"" so they used to call me Suzi. And the beer in Jamaica is called Red Stripe, so that makes it Suzi and the Red Stripes. It'll be out someday, but I've been saying ""Seaside Woman"" will be released since 1971 and we still haven't bothered. It's a bit like my photography book. Someday there will be a book.  Was it strictly through you that your father became associated with Paul as his lawyer? It's through me, actually. I remember saying to my father, when I'd met Paul a few times but wasn't living with him, after Brian died, that he had helped a lot of people out of messes, could he help? He said well, I don't know. I said it would be great because I know you could help them out. So then I introduced Paul to my dad, and they got along instantly. If he hadn't met my father, Klein would have just hawked right in there.  [At this point we retire to the control room. Linda goes over the Walt Disney Christmas show script, then talks on the phone to someone at EMI. ""I think the only bit we'd like to add is a little bit from 101 Dalmatians ...""  [Paul talks to the engineer of Dark Side of the Moon. They marvel at its sales record, and the engineer notes that Pink Floyd are going to give him a Christmas present. ""Ask for a percentage,"" McCartney recommends. ""It's the best present they could give you. What that album has done so far is amazing. In France, it's outsold Abbey Road ...""]  How did you meet Linda? Linda and I met in a club in London called the Bag of Nails, which was right about the time that the club scene was going strong in London. She was down there with some friends. I think she was down there with Chas Chandler and some other people, and I was down there with some friends, including a guy who used to work at the office. I was in my little booth and she was in her little booth and we were giving each other the eye you know. Georgie Fame was playing that night and we were both right into Georgie Fame.  When did you first realize you wanted to marry her? About a year later. We both thought it a bit crazy at the time, and we also thought it would be a gas. Linda was a bit dubious, because she had been married before and wasn't too set on settling. In a way, she thought it tends to blow things, marrying ruins it. But we both fancied each other enough to do it. And now we're glad we did it, you know. It's great. I love it.  Some of the critical notices on her debut performances seemed to ask where she had come from. Yeah. Well, the answer is, nowhere, really.  Mick Jagger had that quote. He wouldn't let... ... his old lady in the band, yeah. That was all very understandable at the time because she did kind of appear out of nowhere. To most people, she was just some chick. I just figure she was the main help for me on the albums around that time. She was there every day, helping on harmonies and all of that stuff.  It's like you write millions of love songs and finally when you're in love you'd kind of like to write one for the person you're in love with. So I think all this business about getting Linda in the billing was just a way of saying, ""Listen, I don't care what you think, this is what I think. I'm putting her right up there with me.""  Later we thought it might have been cooler not to introduce her so bluntly. Perhaps a little more show business: ""Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce you to my better half. Isn't she sweet and coy?""  It turns out it didn't matter, it didn't matter one bit. At the time it was a little rough, maybe. At the time it was rough for her. None of us realized what ... it was like someone marrying Mick, you don't realize ... you know there's going to be a lot of fans who are going to hate it, but you still end up thinking, well, it's my life. I know of a lot of rock & roll stars or just even show business people who will regulate their life to their image. It can mess you up a lot. I know a lot of guys from the old days who wouldn't get married, even if they wanted to. Wouldn't get married because it might affect their careers. The old management thing – ""You can't get married, all your fans are going to desert you."" So the guy doesn't get married.  But the thing is, in a couple of years, his career is over anyway. And he didn't get married, and he went and blew it. So I didn't. ""Well, I'm not going to let that kind of thing interfere with me."" Although I didn't wish to blow my career, I thought it was more important to get on with living. We went ahead and just did what we felt like doing. Some of it came out possibly a bit offensive to some people, but it turns out that it didn't matter in the first place. You just keep going.  Did your friends in music stick by you at that time or did you find it a little tough? Or did you have that many friends at the time? I remember Ringo saying at the time ""How many friends have I got?"" and he couldn't count them on one hand. And that's what it boils down to, really. You can have millions of friends, but when someone asks you how many friends you've got, it depends on how honestly you're going to answer. Because I don't think I have that many. No one went against me or anything, I think I isolated myself a bit. It's just one of those things. We had just met for the first time. We're very romantic, the both of us, and we didn't really want to hang out with anyone else.  Do you often go back to Liverpool? We visit to keep in touch with the Liverpool scene. My family roots are up there, our kids love, it, and my brother still lives there. In fact, we're going to make an album with him in January.  Will it come out as a Mike McGear album? That's right. It's a singing thing, he's quit comedy for the moment. We're going to do it at Strawberry Studios in Stockport. We'll play it by ear, it's Mike's album.  Is it difficult for the kids, being your daughters? I don't think so, I don't think they're going to be crazed-out kids. But it is funny sometimes. I remember I was sitting in a field and Heather was leading Mary and a little baby on a pony, and Mary just said to me, ""You're Paul McCartney, aren't you?"" When she's talking to me normally, she'll just call me Daddy. When there's company around, she knows I'm Paul McCartney, in inverted commas.  It's nice that we have all girls. If we had a son it might be harder on him, like Frank Sinatra, Jr. Everyone assumes he'll turn out to be his dad. At the moment, there's not much to worry about with the kids.  At your Oxford press conference you mentioned your four-year-old daughter liked the Osmonds. Linda says your ten-year-old daughter is a bit off them now ... Yes, she is a bit...  ...but I understand you met the Osmonds in Paris, which is a very unusual situation. It must have been as much of a thrill for them to meet you as it would be for a four-year-old to meet them. A layer cake of generations.  As we're talking today three of the Top Six here [England] are by them, which is the greatest chart domination by a group since 1964. They're very liked here by a lot of the record buyers, which in Britain are the young kids.  From your personal experience, do you think they can understand how much they mean to people? Sure they know, sure. I think Little Jimmy probably knows less than the others what's going on, but they seem to. They've got that kind of American showbiz family feeling, which does work. You can put it down, but it really does work. They've been doing it for years on The Andy Williams Show, and they're troupers already. You know, the kid's only eight or something, Little Jimmy, but he's already a little trouper. He has what a seasoned performer has.  When you were in their position, did you feel a sense of responsibility, or did you feel the world had gone crazy? No, no. We were a band who'd been trying to make it big for a long time. When you're trying to get to the top, when you start to get there, that's probably the biggest thrill. You don't think the whole world's gone crazy; you think it's great that they like you and you're well-chuffed that you're going down so well. That's all that enters your head. I think that even Little Jimmy just thinks, ""Hey, man, that's great, that's far-out."" You know? He just loves it. And that's really the best way.  When you get thinking too heavily about all of this stuff, like anything, you can do so many doublethinks on it all you end up with is not liking it, which is the only hang up. When you end up not liking it then you start to do it less well. I always thought, just great, great band, great things, kids screaming, fantastic, fabulous, great, everyone's having a good night out. That sort of thing, basically.   Were you frightened of possible negative reaction when you released your solo album, McCartney? It was your first break from the Beatles. I was as confident as I ever am about any LP. I realize it was more kind of throwaway and done at home than any of the previous ones, but that wasn't a reason to worry about it. You never know what people are going to think about a record anyway.  The handout on the British edition of McCartney didn't appear in America. Why was that? Linda and I did a mail-out from our house. We had made up this little interview for friends and the press and sent them out with about the first hundred albums. Somebody thought it was supposed to be a thing that came with the album, probably because we didn't explain it in the mailing. We should have said. ""Enclosed find press kit."" People got the idea it came with the album, but it didn't come out in Britain in the copies in the stores.  I had asked Peter Brown [of Apple] for a list of questions he thought might have interesting answers. Looking back, it seems a bit blunt and weird, but at the time it wasn't meant to be. Things like, ""Are you gonna be another John and Yoko?"" ""No, we're gonna be a Paul and Linda."" Little silly things like that.  How did you feel people would react to Linda's presence? She was on Let It Be doing backup vocals. That was her first appearance, and nobody said much about that. The time we did McCartney, as it was largely recorded in the back room, she was always there. That was how she came to be on the album as much as she was.  You did have the release date close to Let It Be. There was some hassle at the time. We were arguing over who had mentioned a release date first. It was all a bit petty. I'd pegged a release date and then Let It Be was scheduled near it. I saw it as victimization, but now I'm sure it wasn't.  Seeing that Let It Be was released basically after the fact, do you wish it had not been released? Oh, no. I don't wish that about anything. Everything seems to take its place in history after it's happened and it's fine to let it stay there.  It was the first album to have the little bits on, like the type that also appeared on McCartney. I rather fancied having just the plain tapes and nothing done to them at all. We had thought of doing something looser before, but the albums always turned out to be well-produced. That was the idea of the whole album. All the normal things that you record that are great and have all this atmosphere but aren't brilliant recordings or production jobs normally are left out and wind up on, say, Pete Townshend's cutting floor. It ends up with the rest of his demos.  But all that stuff is often stuff I love. It's got the door opening, the banging of the tape recorder, a couple of people giggling in the background. When you've got friends around, those are the kind of tracks you play them. You don't play them the big finished produced version.  Like ""Hey Jude,"" I think I've got that tape somewhere, where I'm going on and on with all these funny words. I remember I played it to John and Yoko and I was saying, ""these words won't be on the finished version."" Some of the words were ""the movement you need is on your shoulder,"" and John was saying, ""It's great! 'The movement you need is on your shoulder.' "" I'm saying, ""It's crazy, it doesn't make any sense at all."" He's saying, ""Sure it does, it's great."" I'm always saying that, by the way, that's me, I'm always never sure if it's good enough. That's me, you know.  So when McCartney came along I had all these rough things and I liked them all and thought, well, they're rough, but they've got that certain kind of thing about them, so we'll leave it and just put it out. It's not an album which was really sweated over, and yet now I find it's a lot of people's favorite. They think it's great to hear the kids screaming and the door opening, it's lovely.  The first of your albums with some of those little bitsy things was 'Let It Be.' Had you wanted to do that before? Yes, I think so. In the back of everyone's mind there was always that kind of thing. The sound of a tape being spooled back is an interesting sound. If you're working in a recording studio, you hear it all the time and get used to it. You don't think anything of it. But when the man switches on the tape machine in the middle of a track and you hear that kind of djeeoww, and then – the track starts, I'd always liked all that, all those rough edges and loose ends. It gives it a kind of live excitement.  When you do have rough edges on an album, you're open to interpretation. There's the famous example of John and Yoko's 'Wedding Album,' where the reviewer reviewed the tone on the test pressing and said that the subtle fluctuations in this tone were very arty. The whole analysis business is a funny business, it's almost like creating history before it's been created. When a thing happens you immediately start analyzing it as if it was 50 years ago, as if it was King Henry VIII who said it. It is daft, actually, but you can't blame anyone for doing it, they've got to write something. Unless they can say ""I was around at his house and he gave me a nice cup of tea ... funny little blue cups he gave it in ..."" they've got to say, well, what did you mean by this, or what was that tone.  With one song you mentioned just a few minutes ago, ""Hey Jude,"" everyone was trying to figure out who Jude was. I happened to be driving out to see Cynthia Lennon. I think it was just after John and she had broken up, and I was quite mates with Julian [their son]. He's a nice kid, Julian. And I was going out in me car just vaguely singing this song, and it was like ""Hey Jules."" I don't know why, ""Hey Jules."" It was just this thing, you know, ""Don't make it bad/ Take a sad song ..."" And then I just thought a better name was Jude. A bit more country & western for me.  Once you get analyzing something and looking into it, things do begin to appear and things do begin to tie in. Because everything ties in, and what you get depends on your approach to it. You look at everything with a black attitude and it's all black.  This other idea of Paul Is Dead. That was on for a while. I had just turned up at a photo session and it was at the time when Linda and I were just beginning to knock around with each other steadily. It was a hot day in London, a really nice hot day, and I think I wore sandals. I only had to walk around the corner to the crossing because I lived pretty nearby. I had me sandals on and for the photo session I thought I'll take my sandals off.  Linda: No, you were barefoot.  Paul: Oh, I was barefoot. Yeah, that's it. You know, so what? Barefoot, nice warm day, I didn't feel like wearing shoes. So I went around to the photo session and showed me bare feet. Of course when that comes out and people start looking at it they say, ""Why has he got no shoes on? He's never done that before."" OK, you've never seen me do it before, but, in actual fact, it's just me with my shoes off. Turns out to be some old Mafia sign of death or something.  Then the this-little-bit-if-you-play-it-backwards stuff. As I say, nine times out of ten it's really nothing. Take the end of Sgt. Pepper, that backward thing, ""We'll fuck you like Supermen."" Some fans came around to my door giggling. I said, ""Hello, what do you want?"" They said, ""Is it true, that bit at the end? Is it true? It says 'We'll fuck you like Supermen.'"" I said, ""No, you're kidding. I haven't heard it, but I'll play it."" It was just some piece of conversation that was recorded and turned backwards. But I went inside after I'd seen them and played it studiously, turned it backwards with my thumb against the motor, turned the motor off and did it backwards. And there it was, sure as anything, plain as anything. ""We'll fuck you like Supermen."" I thought, Jesus, what can you do?  And then there was ""I buried Paul."" That wasn't ""I buried Paul"" at all, that was John saying ""cranberry sauce."" It was the end of ""Strawberry Fields."" That's John's humor. John would say something totally out of synch, like ""cranberry sauce."" If you don't realize that John's apt to say ""cranberry sauce"" when he feels like it, then you start to hear a funny little word there, and you think ""Aha!""  When you were alive and presumed dead, what did you think? Someone from the office rang me up and said, ""Look, Paul, you're dead."" And I said, ""Oh, I don't agree with that."" And they said, ""Look, what are you going to do about it? It's a big thing breaking in America. You're dead."" And so I said leave it, just let them say it. It'll probably be the best publicity we've ever had and I won't have to do a thing except stay alive. So I managed to stay alive through it.  A couple of people came up and said, ""Can I photograph you to prove you're not dead?"" Coincidentally, around about that time, I was playing down a lot of the old Beatle image and getting a bit more to what I felt was me, letting me beard grow and not being so hung up on keeping fresh and clean. I looked different, more laid back, and so I had people coming up saying ""You're not him!"" And I was beginning to think, ""I am, you know, but I know what you mean. I don't look like him, but believe me.""  You were supposedly Billy Shears, according to one of the theories. Ringo's Billy Shears. Definitely. That was just in the production of Sgt. Pepper. It just happened to turn out that we dreamed up Billy Shears. It was a rhyme for ""years"" ... ""band you've known for all these years ... and here he is, the one and only Billy Shears."" We thought, that's a great little name, it's an Eleanor-Rigby-type name, a nice atmospheric name, and it was leading into Ringo's track. So as far as we were concerned it was purely and simply a device to get the next song in.   Your two big television shows were the James Paul McCartney and The Magical Mystery Tour shows. How were these conceived? The Mystery show was conceived way back in Los Angeles. On the plane. You know they give you those big menus and I had a pen and everything and started drawing on this menu and I had this idea. In England they have these things called Mystery tours. And you go on them and you pay so much and you don't know where you're going. So the idea was to have this little thing advertised in the shop windows somewhere called Magical Mystery Tours. Someone goes in and buys a ticket and rather than just being the kind of normal publicity hype of magical ... well, it never is magical, really ... the idea of the show was that it was actually a magical run – a real magical trip.  I did a few little sketches myself and everyone else thought up a couple of little things. John thought of a little thing and George thought of a scene and we just kind of built it up. Then we hired a coach and picked actors out of an actor's directory and we just got them all along with the coach and we said, ""OK, act."" An off-the-cuff kind of thing.  The James Paul McCartney show were these people who wanted us to do a TV show and they said they wanted a nice show and said you can do it any way you want. This seemed like a good opportunity, you know, to kinda get on the telly. So that one was just worked up that way. We met the guy when we went to Morocco. We were on holiday then and they came out and we sat around the pool and talked about various ideas and came back to England and did it.  Were you sorry The Magical Mystery Tour was not shown in America? At the time, hey, I thought, ""Oh, blimey,"" but ... eh ... it started out to be one of those kind of things. Like The Wild One, you know, Marlon Brando ... at the time it couldn't be released. The interest in it came later. The interest started to grow, you know. Magical Mystery Show was a bit like that ... well, whatever happened to it ... that's a bit magical itself. Like the Stones' Rock and Roll Circus. You know, what happened to that, you know. I mean, I'd like to see that. So all of those things work out well. You've got to be patient. Everything like that works out well. I think it was a good show. It will have its day, you know.  There was an interesting reaction to James Paul McCartney. Some people liked some parts and didn't like others. I can understand that. You know, I think a lot of people thought we could have done more ... could have done a better show. It was a little bitty [disjointed]. That was a fair comment, but I got a lot of letters from people, you know, just people, old people, from like Red Creek, Minnesota, just saying, ""Hey man, dug the show, you know.""  You told me you still ask your friends, ""Is this really good?"" And Linda mentioned that you still get nervous about the work. And so does this mean you watch critical notices very closely? No, I don't like criticism whatever. I don't think I ever liked it when my dad said, I don't like your trousers. But I went through a difficult period where I started to listen to what the newspapers have to say ... about me ... and say, some guy would be sittin' in New York all hung up thinking, ""Well, that's not as good as I woulda wanted."" And I thought, ""Well, blimey, that's only one guy. I'm not going to take it as gospel.""  Linda mentioned you ""bounce off"" people. After you left George Martin and the other three, was Linda the only person to bounce your ideas off of? For a while, yes. Oh yes.  Did you miss not having more people? Is there anyone you ask now outside of people in the band? Sometimes now I mainly bounce off myself. I do that more now, call it what you will – maturity? Sometimes if a friend is in the studio I'll ask for their opinion and that will make it easier on me. The laugh of all this is I say all this rubbish and it all changes the next day.  I still read the notices and stuff and they're usually bum ones when you're expecting them to be great. Like after Ram, there were a lot of bum notices after Ram. But I keep meetin' people wherever I go, like I met someone skiing. As he skiied past me he said, ""I loved Ram, Paul."" So that's really what I go by. Just the kind of people who flash by me in life. Just ordinary people and they said they loved it. That's why I go a lot by sales, not just for the commercial thing. Like if a thing sells well, it means a lot of people bought it and liked it.  Does that mean, then, that you didn't think too much in retrospect of 'Wild Life'? Because of all your albums ... No, ah, I quite liked it. I must say you have to like me to like the record. I mean, if it's just taken cold, I think it wasn't that brilliant as a recording. We did it in about two weeks, the whole thing. And it had been done on that kind of a buzz we'd been hearing about how Dylan had come in and done everything in one take. I think in fact often we never gave the engineer a chance to even set up a balance. There's a couple of real big songs on there, that only freaks or connoisseurs know.  Well, ""Tomorrow."" Yeah, ""Tomorrow"" is one of them. It's like, when I'm talking to people about Picasso or something and they say, well, his blue period was his only one that was any good. But for me, if the guy does some great things then even his downer moments are interesting. His lesser moments, rather, because they make up the final picture. Some moments seem less, he was going through kind of a pressure period. You know, you can't live your life without pressure periods. No one I know has.  You mentioned Dylan sort of being an inspiration for doing 'Wild Life' the way you did it ... He's going on the road, of course, this month. With the Band ...  Does this in any way motivate you, inspire you? No, not particularly. I mean, I've just been on the road last year, so my being ... doing that just might have inspired him; I don't know, you know. He's a great guy, Dylan; he's a musician, and stuff, and he's a great spirit. Love him, you know.  Do you think he influenced you at all? Oh, yes. Very heavily.  I think the first time was in ""You've Got to Hide Your Love Away."" That was John's song. Then there was a good deal of influence in the Hard Day's Night and Help! periods. Certain chords, the acoustic bit. We liked him.  We met him when we came to New York and we were together awhile. He came to one of my sessions when I was doing Ram in New York.  You mentioned in the studio that you were influenced in a recent session by Marvin Gaye's ""Trouble Man."" Do you think Fela or someone else might misconstrue this? Being influenced by something and stealing something are two different things. When you hear the track we did and hear Marvin Gaye's you probably would never know they were related. I may be influenced by something, but it's in my head and doesn't necessarily show in the song. ""Here, There and Everywhere"" was supposed to be a Beach Boys song, but you wouldn't have known.  ""Hi Hi Hi"" was the one that brought you back to the Top Ten, after ""Give Ireland Back to the Irish"" and ""Mary Had a Little Lamb,"" although in Britain they played ""C Moon"" because ""Hi Hi Hi"" was banned by the BBC. I thought the ""Hi Hi Hi"" thing could easily be taken as a natural high, could be taken as booze high and everything. It doesn't have to be drugs, you know, so I'd kind of get away with it. Well, the first thing they saw was drugs, so I didn't get away with that, and then I just had some line ""Lie on the bed and get ready for my polygon.""  The daft thing about all of that was our publishing company, Northern Songs, owned by Lew Grade, got the lyrics wrong and sent them round to the radio station and it said, ""Get ready for my body gun,"" which is far more suggestive than anything I put. ""Get ready for my polygon,"" watch out baby, I mean it was suggestive, but abstract suggestive, which I thought I'd get away with. Bloody company goes round and makes it much more specific by putting ""body gun."" Better words, almost.  It made it anyway in the States. Yeah, well, the great laugh is when we go live, it makes a great announcement. You can say ""This one was banned!"" and everyone goes ""Hooray!"" The audience love it, you know. ""This next one was banned,"" and then you get raving, because everyone likes to. Everyone's a bit anti-all-that-banning, all that censorship. Our crew, our generation, really doesn't dig that stuff, as I'm sure you know.  ""Helen Wheels"" has done better in America than England, as have many of your records past, back to the old days. Have you ever thought of a reason why? The only thing I can think of is the foreigner syndrome. We're British, and that means something to an American. It's like some Americans who do better over here, like Cassidy and the Osmonds, even Elvis.  It's been suggested that the Beatles provided something for Americans they had lost with the death of Kennedy – youth, happiness, freedom from inhibitions. Does that make much sense to you? No, none at all.  In songwriting technique, how did you compose with John? How did you compose yourself and then with Linda? Well, first, I started off on my own. Very early on I met John, and we then, gradually, started to write stuff together. Which didn't mean we wrote everything together. We'd kind of write 80% together and the other 20% for me were things like ""Yesterday"" and for John things like ""Strawberry Fields"" that he'd mainly write on his own. And I did certain stuff on my own. So I've done stuff on my own.  When I said how do you compose, I meant actually sitting down and doing it. Did you use guitar, or did you use piano? When I first started writing songs I started using a guitar. The first one I ever wrote was one called ""My Little Girl"" which is a funny little song, a nice little song, a corny little song based on three chords – G, G7 and C. A little later we had a piano and I used to bang around on that. I wrote ""When I'm Sixty-Four"" when I was about 16. I wrote the tune for that and I was vaguely thinking then it might come in handy in a musical comedy or something. I didn't know what kind of career I was going to take.  So I wrote that on piano and from there it's really been a mixture of the both. I just do either, now. Sometimes I've got a guitar in my hands; sometimes I'm sittin' at a piano. It depends whatever instrument I'm at – I'll compose on it, you know.  Do you start with a title or a line, or what? Oh, different ways. Every time it's different. ""All My Loving"" – an old Beatle song, remember that one, folks? – I wrote that one like a bit of poetry, and then I put a song to it later. Something like ""Yesterday,"" I did the tune first and wrote words to that later. I called that ""Scrambled Egg"" for a long time. I didn't have any words to it. [Paul sings the melody with the words ""scrambled egg ... da da da da ... scrambled egg ...""] So then I got words to that; so I say, every time is different, really. I like to keep it that way, too; I don't get any set formula. So that each time, I'm pullin' it out of the air.  When did you get the idea you were going to bring in a string quartet on ""Scrambled Egg""? First of all, I was just playing it through for everyone – saying, how do you like this song? I played it just me on acoustic, and sang it. And the rest of the Beatles said, ""That's it. Love it."" So George Martin and I got together and sort of cooked up this idea. I wanted just a small string arrangement. And he said, ""Well, how about your actual string quartet?"" I said great, it sounds great. We sat down at a piano and cooked that one up.  How would you see George Martin's contributions in those songs in those days? George's contribution was quite a big one, actually. The first time he really ever showed that he could see beyond what we were offering him was ""Please Please Me."" It was originally conceived as a Roy Orbison-type thing, you know. George Martin said, ""Well, we'll put the tempo up."" He lifted the tempo and we all thought that was much better and that was a big hit. George was in there quite heavily from the beginning.  The time we got offended, I'll tell you, was one of the reviews, I think about Sgt. Pepper – one of the reviews said, ""This is George Martin's finest album."" We got shook; I mean, ""We don't mind him helping us, it's great, it's a great help, but it's not his album, folks, you know."" And there got to be a little bitterness over that. A bit help, but Christ, if he's goin' to get all the credit ... for the whole album ... [Paul plays with his children.]   The Wings tour in 1972 was the first time you had toured in six years, wasn't it? Yes.  Had you intended to keep it that long? Oh, no, no, no. With the Beatles we did a big American tour, and. I think the feeling, mainly from George and John, was, ""Oh, this is getting a little bit uhhh ..."" But I thought, ""No, you can't give up live playing, we'd be crazy to."" But then we did a concert tour I really hated and I came off stormy and saying, ""Bloody hell, I really agree with you now.""  Where was that? In America, somewhere, I can't remember exactly. It was raining and we were playing under some sort of big canopy and everybody felt they were going to get electric shocks and stuff. We were driven off in a big truck afterwards and I remember sitting in the back of the truck saying, bloody hell, they're right, this is stupid.  So we knew we were going to give up playing but we didn't want to go make some big announcement, that we were giving it all up or anything, so we just kind of cooled it and didn't go out. When anyone asked we'd say, ""Oh, we'll be going out again,"" but we really didn't think we would. So we recorded a lot and stuff and nobody felt the need to go out and play.  After six years I just thought it would be good to get out, because live shows are a lot of what it's about. If nothing else, you get out there and see what people want. I remember at the end of the Beatles thinking that it would be good if I just went out with some country & western group. To have a sing every day surely must improve my voice a bit.  When you did start to play live again, were you very nervous? Yes. Very nervous. The main thing I didn't want to face was the torment of five rows of press people with little pads all looking and saying, ""Oh, well, he's not as good as he was."" So we decided to go out on that university tour, which made me less nervous because it was less of a big deal. We went out on that tour and by the end of that I felt quite ready for something else, and we went to Europe. I was pretty scared on the Europe tour. That was a bit more of a big deal, here he is, ladies and gentlemen, sold all the tickets out ... I had to go on with a band I really didn't know much. We decided not to do any Beatle material, which was a killer, of course, because it meant we had to do an hour of other material, and we didn't have it, then. I didn't have something like ""My Love"" that was sort of mine. I felt like everyone wanted Beatles stuff, so I was pretty nervous on that.  But by the end of the Europe tour I felt better, and at the end of the British tour I felt good. By the time we did the British tour I knew we could get it easily and that I could get it going. Everyone digs it, and there's enough stuff not to be nervous.  On the Wings tour the one song you did from the past was ""Long Tall Sally."" The first time I ever sang on a stage I did ""Long Tall Sally."" I must have been pretty young, probably 14; I feel like I might have been 11, I don't know. We went to stay with our parents at a holiday camp called Butlins, a branch in Wales. They used to have these talent shows, and one of my cousins-in-law was one of the red coats who had something to do with the entertainment. He called us up on the stage, I had my guitar with me. Looking back on it, it must have been a put-up job, I don't know what I was doing there with my guitar. I probably asked him to get me up or something. I went up with my brother Mike, who had just recovered from breaking his arm and looked all pale. He had his arm in a big sling. We used to do an Everly Brothers number, something like ""Bye Bye Love."" I think it might have been ""Bye Bye Love,"" in fact. We did that, and then I finished with ""Long Tall Sally.""  Ever since I heard Little Richard's version, I started imitating him. It was just straight imitation, really, which has gradually become my version of it as much as Richard's. I started doing it in one of the classrooms at school, it was just one of the imitations I could do well. I could do Fats Domino, I could do Elvis, I could do a few people. [Smiles.] I still can! ""I'm walking, yes indeed, I'm ..."" [Does Fats Domino impersonation.] ""Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen."" [An Elvis impersonation.] That's Elvis.  Did many of those black artists appeal to you in the late Fifties and early Sixties? John did several Motown songs. Yes, very much. I loved all that stuff. Those were my favorites, definitely.  When did you first think you wanted to be in a band? I didn't think I wanted to be in one; I wanted to do something in music and my dad gave me a trumpet, for my birthday. I went through trying to learn that. But my mouth used to get too sore. You know, you have to go through a period of gettin' your lip hard. I suddenly realized I wouldn't be able to sing if I played trumpet. So I figured guitar would be better. It was about the time that guitar was beginning to be the instrument. So I went and swapped my trumpet for a guitar and I got that home and couldn't figure out what was wrong and I suddenly decided to turn the strings around and that made a difference and I realized I was left-handed. I started from there, really; that was my first kind of thing, and then once you had a guitar you were then kind of eligible for bands and stuff. But I never thought of myself being in a band.  One day I went with this friend of mine. His name was Ivan [Vaughn]. And I went up to Woolton, in Liverpool, and there was a village fete on, and John and his friends were playing for the thing. My friend Ivan knew John, who was a neighbor of his. And we met there and John was onstage singing ""Come little darlin', come and go with me...""  The Del Vikings' ""Come Go With Me""? But he never knew the words because he didn't know the record, so he made up his own words, like ""down, down, down, down, to the penitentiary."" I remember I was impressed. I thought, wow, he's good. That's a good band there. So backstage, back in the church hall later, I was singing a couple of songs I'd known.  I used to know all the words to ""Twenty Flight Rock"" and a few others and it was pretty much in those days to know the words to that. John didn't know the words to many songs. So I was valuable. I wrote up a few words and showed him how to play ""Twenty Flight Rock"" and another one, I think. He played all this stuff and I remember thinking he smelled a bit drunk. Quite a nice chap, but he was still a bit drunk. Anyway, that was my first introduction, and I sang a couple of old things.  I liked their band, and then one of their friends who was in the band, a guy called Pete Shotton who was a friend of John's, saw me cycling up in Woolton one day and said, ""Hey, they said they'd quite like to have you in the band, if you'd like to join."" I said, ""Oh, yeah, it'd be great."" We then met up somewhere and I was in the band.  I was originally on guitar. The first thing we had was at a Conservative Club somewhere in Broadway, which is an area of Liverpool, as well as New York. There was a Conservative Club there and I had a big solo, a guitar boogie. I had this big solo and it came to my bit and I blew it. I blew it. Sticky fingers, you know. I couldn't play at all and I got terribly embarrassed. So I goofed that one terribly, so from then on I was on rhythm guitar. Blown out on lead!  We went to Hamburg, and I had a real cheap guitar, an electric guitar. It finally blew up on me, it finally fell apart in Hamburg. It just wasn't used to being used like that. Then I was on piano for a little while. So I went from bass to lead guitar to rhythm guitar to piano. I used to do a few numbers like Ray Charles' ""Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying"" and a couple of Jerry Lee Lewis' like ""High School Confidential.""  Then Stuart [Sutcliffe] left the group. He was the bass player. He lent me his bass, and I played bass for a few weeks. I used to play it upside down. And he used to have piano strings on it, because you couldn't get bass strings. They were a bit rare, you know, and they cost a lot, too, about ¢2 for one string. So he would cut these big lengths of piano strings from the piano and wind them on this guitar. So I played that upside down for a while. I'm pretty versatile, I'll give that to myself. I wasn't very good, but I was versatile.  I'm in Hamburg, and I have a little bit of money together, and finally saved enough money to buy myself a Hoffman violin bass. It was my bass, then, that was the one. And I became known for that bass, a lot of kids got them. That was my big pride and joy, because it sounded great.  And that was it, basically. The rest you know.  In America, the anthology album [Beatles 1967-70] and Red Rose Speedway were back to back Number Ones. You were replacing yourself. Did that strike you as odd? I thought it was good, rather than odd, because obviously the big hang up after the Beatles broke up was, and really still is, can any of them be as good as the unit? The answer in most people's minds, I think, is ""No. They can't."" Because the unit was so good.  Were you glad those anthology albums were released for the historical record or to combat the bootleggers? The bootlegging thing was one of the reasons. I didn't take an awful lot of interest in them, actually. I still haven't heard them. I know what's on them because I've heard it all before, you know. I haven't really taken much interest in Beatles stuff of late just because there has been this hangover of Apple and Klein. The whole scene has gone so bloody sick. The four ex-Beatles are totally up to here with it. Everyone wants it solved so everyone can get on with being a bit peaceful with each other.  There was a lawsuit recently, the three others against Klein. Of course I loved that. My God, I hope they win that one. That's great. You see, apart from everything that went down, all the little personal conflicts, the reason why I felt I had to do what I had to do, which ended up specifically as being I had to sue the other three, was that there was no way I could sue Klein on his own, which is what I wanted to do. It took me months to get over the fact. I kept saying, I can't sue the other three, just because it's very hard news to go suing someone you like, and no matter what kind of personal things were going down and John writing songs about me and all that stuff, I still didn't feel like the coolest thing in the world was to go and sue them. But it actually turned out to be the only way to stop Klein, so I had to go and do it.  Then it all started to come out, you know, that Klein had persuaded George – I don't know how much of this is libelous –  Our lawyers will take out whatever is libelous. Klein made his way into George's big songwriting company, which is George's big asset. The main one was the song ""Something,"" that was on Abbey Road. That was kind of George's great big song, George's first big effort, and everyone covered it and it was lovely and made him lots of money that he could give away, which is his thing, you know. It was a great thing for him. Well, it turns out that Klein has got himself into that company. Not only paid 20% [the percentage Klein claimed to have gotten from Abbey Road] – there's a thought now that he's claiming he owns the company!  It's those kinds of little weird trips. Now the only good thing I feel is that I wasn't wrong. I would have felt really bad if I was wrong and the guy was really a goodie all along and I'd gone and stuck my big nose in there like the pot calling the kettle black. But it turns out he is the type of man who wants to own it for himself and not the type of man who believes the artist should have it and do what he wants with it, which is what I believe.  He was once quoted in New York magazine as saying he was going to roast your ass. Yeah, well, he never did, you know, and that's cool. He wouldn't get near my ass to roast it, anyway. Punk. You mentioned you had to sue the other three to get at Klein. What was Klein doing that made you have to sue? Basically, I was being held to my obligations under an old contract. I would have to just sit, lump it, and let him be my manager, which I didn't want.  So I was told I could sue him. I said, ""Great, I'll sue him."" Then they said, ""There's one catch, you have to sue Apple"" – and that meant suing the other three. For two months I sat around thinking, ""I can't do this."" Not that I didn't see the others. I did, and kept asking them to let me out and they said, ""No, Allen says there would be tax complications."" I said, ""I don't give a damn about tax considerations, let me go and I'll worry about the tax considerations. I didn't want to be an ABKCO-Managed Industry."" It was weird. My albums would come out saying ""An ABKCO Company,"" and he wasn't even my manager.  As it turns out, it was the best thing, because that got the receiver in there and froze the money and gave everybody time to think about it. He's still managed to get $5 million transferred to his own company, five million for management [the exact amount is subject matter of present litigation].  He has a very special gift for talking his way. He'll use his Playboy interviews, and he'll probably ask for a Rolling Stone interview after mine. Even a murderer has a great line in his own defense. But he's nothing more than a trained New York crook. John said, ""Anyone whose record is as bad as this can't be so bad."" But that was Lennon-esque crap, which John occasionally did; utter foolishness. Klein had already been convicted on ten counts of income tax. [Criminal docket 66-72 of US District Court, Southern District of New York, shows one Allen Klein found guilty January 29th, 1971, on ten counts of ""unlawfully failing to make & file returns of Federal income taxes and FICA taxes withheld from employees' wages."" Conviction affirmed on appeal by US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit November 19th, 1971.] Somebody who's been convicted ten times can't be all clean. [Growing more emotional] My back was against the wall. I'm not proud of it. But it had to be done. To him, artists are money. To me, they're more than that.  If Klein was the big reason for the breakup of Apple, do you think there would have been difficulties anyway without him? I think there would have been difficulties. Had the Eastmans come in like I wanted, the others would have feared I was trying to screw everyone for the Eastmans. It would have been a bit hard for the others to swallow, I'm afraid, since the Eastmans were so close to me. But they didn't want to screw anybody, and the way it's turning out they're settling up most of it anyway. Some people say, ""People are all the same in business,"" but they're not.  I think the Apple thing was great. As it turned out, the one thing about business is that it does have to be looked after. If you have paperwork and bills and royalties and accounts and stuff, they all have to be handled very well, or else things get lost and then accountants have great difficulty in making up the final picture for taxes.  Apple was together in a lot of other ways. Although he didn't get treated brilliantly at Apple, it was right for James Taylor to make his first record then. I think it was shameful of them to sue him afterwards, but I think that was largely Klein's instigation because of the way he works. He's kind of ""OK, git the bastard. He's left us and he's a success, let's sue him. We got him, we got his contract.""  But I still think all the records that came out of it, Billy Preston and James Taylor, Badfinger, Mary Hopkin, all the people we did take on all had very good records. George, even with the Radha Krishna Temple, I think that's great stuff. I don't think you can fault any of the artistic decisions. Looking back on it I think it was really a very successful thing.  The main downfall is that we were less businessmen and more heads, which was very pleasant and very enjoyable, except there should have been the man in there who would tell us to sign bits of paper. We got a man in who started to say, come on, sign it all over to me, which was the fatal mistake.  Just as I was going to do a radio show interview the other day, just as I was walking in, this feller walked up to me and said, ""Hello, Paul,"" and I thought I'd seen him somewhere before. He looked kind of middle-aged, 50ish, and I thought, ""What's he want with me? Looks a bit dubious."" He pushed a little bit of paper in me hand, he said, ""I don't want to embarrass you, Paul, I'm sure you know what this is all about, but I've got my job to do."" A wife and three kids, all that. So I walked on, muttering, looked at the bit of paper and it says ""ABKCO hereby sue you, John, George, Ringo and everything you've ever been connected with,"" in so many words, companies I'd never even heard of. ""Sue you all for the sum of $20 million."" That is the latest little line.  I'm not trying to be immodest by classing myself with Van Gogh or with the biggies in the artistic world, but it is just a pure continuation of that kind of story. The whole idea of whoever makes the thing not being given the profits of it isn't a new idea. I think it's a joke, trying to sue us for that amount of money. It is just purely that he thinks, in some way, that he owns us. The laugh is that on that whole Klein thing there is one key thing which I luckily never would sign, so I feel a little bit out of that one, I must say.   Linda mentioned Lew Grade's claim that she couldn't write. That was an old one. Around that time we had millions of suits flying here, flying there, George wrote the ""Sue Me, Sue You Blues"" about it. I'd kicked it all off originally, having to sue the other three Beatles in the High Court, and that opened Pandora's box. After that everybody just seemed to be suing everybody.  Meanwhile Lew Grade suddenly saw his songwriting concessions, which he'd just paid an awful lot of money for, virtually to get hold of John and I, he suddenly saw that I was now claiming that I was writing half my stuff with Linda, and that if I was writing half of it she was entitled to a pure half of it, no matter whether she was a recognized songwriter or not. I didn't think that was important, I thought that whoever I worked with, no matter what the method of collaboration was, that person, if they did help me on the song, should have a portion of the song for helping me. I think at the time their big organization suddenly thought, ""Hello, they're pulling a fast one, they're trying to get some of the money back,"" whereas in fact, it was the truth. So they slapped vast amounts on us, I can't remember what.  I wrote Sir Lew Grade a long letter saying, ""Don't you think I ought to be able to do this and do that and don't you think I've done enough and don't you think I'm OK, and – Hey, man, why have you gotta sue me?"" He wrote me back a very rational letter. I can't remember exactly what it said, but it was a very nice letter. He's actually OK, Lew, he's all right.  You did a TV show for him. After it, yeah, that's right. All the suits were dropped by then. Bit me tongue ...  When was the last time you saw George? George? It's been a little while.  Had George invited you to the Bangla Desh benefit? George invited me, and I must say it was more than just visa problems. At the time there was the whole Apple thing. When the Beatles broke up, at first I thought, ""Right, broken up, no more messing with any of that."" George came up and asked if I wanted to play Bangla Desh and I thought, blimey, what's the point? We're just broken up and we're joining up again? It just seemed a bit crazy.  There were a lot of things that went down then, most of which I've forgotten now. I really felt annoyed – ""I'm not going to do that if he won't bloody let me out of my contract."" Something like that. For years there had been problems as to why the other three felt they couldn't just rip up our partnership agreement. I thought it was crazy if we had split up as a band to have this piece of paper still going on. We were all tied into it and I wanted to break it up and they said, ""Tax, you can't."" Klein was saying, ""You can't do it, lads, you've got to stay together,"" and I think I know why he was saying it. He was telling the others it was tax and it was impossible and stuff.  There was an awful lot of that, and a lot of what I did around about then was just out of bitterness at all that. I thought, ""This is crazy, no one likes me enough to just let me go, give me my little bit of the proceeds and let me split off."" It was a little tit-for-tat, if you're not going to do this for me, I'm not going to do that for you. I tend to see the others now just for business. It's a bit daft, actually. That's why I'm so hot to get these business things over with.  You were hoping to do it today, I gather. Yeah, there was a little thing ... you see, each time one of us will get hot for a meeting. Say me, I just got me visa and I got all hot for a meeting. I rang John up, and John was keen to do it. He was going to fly in today from L.A. to New York. Great! I was going to be here; John was going to be here. Then I rang Ringo, and Ringo couldn't figure out what we were going to actually say, outside of ""Hi, there."" And he didn't want to come all the way to New York from England, he was just getting settled for Christmas. So he was a bit down on it, that kind of blew it out. Then I called John and he said he was talking to George and George was having some kind of visa problems. So it's a bit difficult to get the four of us together. But it will happen soon.  Lee said that the show you'll do for Phoenix House as part of the arrangement for your visa will be part of a tour. The only thing now, obviously, is that it's dependent on getting a band together. If we can get something together in the early months of 1974, then we're hoping to come to the States, do a nice tour here. The Phoenix House people helped to get me in. It's a good cause. We just went down to see one of their branches in East Harlem, just now. It's fantastic. I wasn't thinking it would be much, I thought it would be a bit depressing. But it's a beautiful place. There's a lot of love in that place. And it's not the kind of a state thing. There's discipline, too, but the discipline comes out of love. That way no one minds the discipline. If you just start off with discipline and nothing else, a lot of the kids find it hard to do it. But they're all very self-supporting now. It's a great place, I must say. Anyone who's in trouble with drugs, pills, junk or whatever, should take a look in the Phoenix House.  What was the reaction of the kids when you went in there? Great. We just shook hands. Their choir sang some songs and we went on a little tour of the house. There was a guy telling us about encounter meetings, how he was putting the bathroom in, doing all the plumbing himself – they're all very proud, because they're all people who almost messed up. They just made it, and most of them look like they can really go on to great strength because of it.  Would you like this to be a big proper tour or small, like your university tour? A big proper tour. I think if you're coming to the States, you can't do it funky. I don't think I could, anyway. I think now I'll be ready to do a big concert tour, although I find it hard to imagine at the moment.  Now that you're in New York, I suppose the rumors will start again. There'll be a Beatles reunion of some sort? Well, I must say, like as far as getting together as we were, as the Beatles were, I don't think that'll ever happen again. I think now everyone's kind of interested in their little personal things. I kind of like the way we did Band on the Run, the way we did it. Something we've never done before, and it's very interesting. But I do think that I for one am very proud – although I don't like the word proud, it tends to be – ex-servicemen have used the word ... if you know what I mean ... ""proud of my country"" ... but I will use the word – I am proud of the Beatle thing. It was great and I can go along with all the people you meet on the street who say you gave so much happiness to many people. I don't think that's corny. At the time obviously it just passes over; you don't really think they mean it. Oh, yeah, sure, and you shake their hand or whatever.  But I dig all that like mad now, and I believe that we did bring a real lot of happiness to the times. So I'm very proud of that kind of stuff and consequently I wouldn't like to see my past slagged off. So I would like to see more cooperation.... if things go right, if things keep cool, I'd like to maybe do some work with them; I've got a lot of ideas in my head what I'd like, but I wouldn't like to tell you before I tell them. We couldn't be the Beatles-back-together again, but there might be things, little good ventures we could get together on, mutually helpful to all of us and things people would like to see, anyway.  I wouldn't rule everything out, it's one of those questions I really have to hedge on. But, I mean, I'm ready. Once we settle our business crap – there was an awfully lot of money made, of course, and none of it came to us, really, in the end. Virtually, that's the story. So I'd kind of like to salvage some of that and see that not everything's ripped off.  Through all that kind of bitterness I tended to think like John a bit, ""Oh, the Beatles ... naww ... Crap."" But it really wasn't. I think it was great. So I'd like to see that cooled out and restored to its kind of former greatness, agree that it was a good thing and continue in some kind of way. I don't see gettin' the Beatles back together – there's certain things we could do quite quietly and still produce some kind of ongoing thing. I don't think you'll ever get anyone to give up all their individual stuff now; everyone's got it going too well now.  Would you consider the Ringo album an example of that type of cooperation? Yeah, but I think more than that ... I think that's a beginning; that shows what someone can do just if he asks. That's all he did. He just asked us all. So that's what I like, that no one says, ""Naw, you go on and make your own album."" So if it's that easy then lots of things could be done in the future. And I'd like to see some great things done.  This story is from the January 31st, 1974 issue of Rolling Stone. "
72,"Gwen Stefani Will Reunite with Boyfriend Blake Shelton to Coach The Voice Season 12  The pop star will be reunited with boyfriend Blake Shelton as well as longtime coach Adam Levine for the twelfth season of the NBC singing competition, the show announced Tuesday. Rounding out the celebrity panel is current coach Alicia Keys.  Stefani, 47, and Shelton, 40, famously met on the seventh season, and it's almost been a year since the pair went public with their romance during the ninth, while they were recovering from divorces from Gavin Rossdale and Miranda Lambert, respectively.  The couple also performed their duet ""Go Ahead and Break My Heart"" for the first time on season 10.  Throughout the show's 10 completed seasons, team Blake has a total of four champions with team Adam following closely behind with three wins. Past coaches Christina Aguilera, Usher and Pharrell Williams all have won one season.  New coach Miley Cyrus has also signed back on, but for season 13, premiering next fall.  Season 12 of The Voice will begin in February 2017. "
73,"Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish welcome baby  The comedian tweeted Tuesday that his wife, Eniko Parrish, had given birth to their son.  ""God is truly amazing....Kenzo Kash Hart was born at 1:45am ,"" Hart tweeted. ""He is Healthy & already smiling. Thank you all for your prayers!!!! We love & appreciate ya.""  It's the first child for the couple. Hart has two children -- a daughter, Heaven, 12, and a son, Hendrix, 10, with ex-wife Torrei Hart.  Hart's children were attendants when the couple married in a lavish ceremony last year after dating for several years. "
74,"Khloe Kardashian Shares Cute Photo With 'Precious' Niece Dream  Family time! Khloé Kardashian celebrated Cinco de Mayo with her nieces and nephews Mason, Penelope, Reign and Dream.  The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, 32, shared an adorable photo of herself cuddling with Dream, 6 months, whom her brother, Rob Kardashian, shares with his on-off fiancée, Blac Chyna. “She’s the most precious girl! Dreamy dream,” Khloé captioned the shot, in which she used Snapchat’s puppy filter. “Auntie KoKo loves YOU!”  It is unclear if Rob, 30, was also there. However, Kourtney Kardashian and her kids, Mason, 7, Penelope, 4, and Reign, 2, joined Khloé for the afternoon. The family enjoyed a pizza party and decorated gluten-free cupcakes together.  Khloé showed off the fun-filled decorating station on her Snapchat account. “We are going to ice cupcakes. Gluten-free, of course!” she told fans in a video, which showed a tray of 12 vanilla cupcakes, four different types of frosting and various toppings.  Kourtney, 38, also documented the fun-filled day on Snapchat, sharing a video of Mason eating a cupcake with frosting all over his face. “Is it good? You sure?” she asked her eldest child, whom she shares with ex Scott Disick.  Us Weekly exclusively revealed last month that Khloé “definitely wants a big family” with her boyfriend, Tristan Thompson. “She wants multiple kids!” a source close to the reality star told Us.  "
75,"About That Time Princess Diana Watched The Golden Girls and Crashed a Gay Bar with Freddie Mercury  Princess Diana may have had more fun while married into the British royal family than we had originally thought. In her new book, British comedy actress Cleo Rocos says that she, Queen front man Freddie Mercury, and comedian Kenny Everett sneaked Princess Diana into a south-London gay bar, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, in the late 1980s. Rocos recalls the evening in The Power of Positive Drinking, writing that the trio dressed up the beloved late royal in disguise-an army jacket, cap, and sunglasses, according to an account of the story by the A.F.P.-and were able to enjoy themselves covertly thanks to Mercury's popularity in the crowd:  She said she did not know whether Diana was propositioned in the bar in her guise as a male model, but added: ""She did look like a beautiful young man.""  Rocos also claims that Diana enjoyed herself so much that she told the group, ""We must do it again!"" afterward. Amazingly, the undercover gay-bar excursion was not the only activity on the foursome's agenda that day. Per Rocos's recollections, the group spent the afternoon before the trip ""drinking champagne in front of reruns of The Golden Girls with the sound turned down"" and improvising show dialogue with ""a much naughtier storyline."" After asking about the group's plans that night, Diana, ""in full mischief mode,"" insisted on joining. Although Rocos and Everett tried to dissuade her, worried about unsavory headlines if she were detected by paparazzi, Mercury proved the deciding vote, telling them, ""Go on, let the girl have some fun.""  Diana married into the royal family on July 29, 1981. "
76,"'THE MORE THE MERRIER' Lindsay Lohan wants talks with US President Donald Trump and Russian leader Vladimir Putin to solve Syrian refugee crisis  Actress also wants to invite Mean Girls co-star Rachel McAdams and former couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  'the more the merrier'  Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)  LINDSAY Lohan wants to host a star-studded meeting with Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin to discuss the Syrian refugee crisis.  The actress wants to get the controversial world leaders together for talks – and she also wants to invite her Mean Girls co-star Rachel McAdams and former couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.  Lindsay, 30, made the admission during a Facebook Live chat with DailyMail.com today, revealing she wants to meet divisive US President Trump as well as Russian leader Putin.  She hopes to draw attention to the problems facing Syrians who have fled the war-torn country – and she thinks a star-studded gathering will be the best solution.  Lindsay revealed she would also hope to invite Rachel, who she worked with on the 2004 teen comedy, and former couple Brad and Angelina.  She said of Trump: ""I want to try to get the word out to Donald Trump bring him over there [to the refugee camps in Turkey] have him see all the positive things they are doing over there and all America can do to help as well...  ""[I want to meet him] to broaden his ideas of it because he hasn't been there and show America in the right light, helping the refugees...  ""It is one world that we live in and we have to work together...  ""I think it would be a positive thing for America to show their care and support...  ""And for him to experience what it's like for these people.""  When asked who she was want to gather together for talks about the problems facing refugees, she added: ""Angelina Jolie... Donald Trump... Putin - the more strong figures we have [the better]  ""Brad Pitt... maybe someone like Rachel McAdams - the more the merrier in this situation...""  Lindsay opened up about her plan Lindsay hopes to solve the refugee crisis  Lindsay recently jetted to Turkey to meet Syrian refugees at camps in the country, and she also met with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.  She also met with seven-year-old Syrian girl blogger Bana al-Abed at the country's presidential palace.  The actress later wrote on Instagram: ""What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home. Their efforts in helping Syrian Refugees is truly inspiring.""  Lindsay visited Syrian refugees at a hospital in Istanbul in September, and the next month, she visited a camp in southeastern Turkey's Gaziantep province. "
77,"(EXCLUSIVE) Usher Cast On 'Dancing With The Stars'  theJasmineBRAND.com exclusively reports, Usher has allegedly been cast on the upcoming season of Dancing With the Stars. Sources tell us the 38-year-old singer and actor will be on season 24 of ABC's hit dancing competition show.  The producers and network are keeping it top secret, but this is major! They wanted an A-lister and he's one of the biggest names in the industry. Not to mention, Usher is an amazing dancer.  We hear that Usher has already began shooting promos for the show. The network and producers are still working on finalizing other big names for the new season.  Dancing with the Stars is an dance competition TV series that premiered on June 1, 2005, on ABC. The show is the American version of the British television series Strictly Come Dancing. The format of the show consists of a celebrity paired with a professional dancer. Each couple performs predetermined dances and competes against the others for judges' points and audience votes. The couple receiving the lowest combined total of judges' points and audience votes is eliminated each week until only the champion dance pair remains.  What do you think of Usher joining DWTS?  "
78," James Corden just asked Kim Kardashian about the Khloe and Kylie pregnancy rumours 2017-11-16 08:52:00 Two months after rumours broke out that both Kylie Jenner and sister Khloé Kardashian might be pregnant at the same time, we still don't know any more than we did in September. Big sis Kim Kardashian won't be ending the suspense any time soon, judging by her recent appearance on James Corden.  Kim took part in a particularly nasty game of ""Spill Your Guts or Fill Your Guts,"" a staple of the Corden show where James and a guest ask each other questions that could get them in trouble. If one of the players refuses to answer, they have to eat a gut-churning ~delicacy~.  When asked to rank her mum and sisters from best to worst dressed, Kim didn't hesitate to oblige — understandable, since the alternative was to drink bird saliva (eek!). But when the million-dollar question — the question of Kylie and Khloé's pregnancy rumours, obvs — inevitably came up, Kim chose to drink a sardine smoothie instead. This is one of those moments we're glad we're not famous.  Kiki has shut down rumours about her reaction to Kylie's pregnancy, but hasn't given us any clues as to whether the rumours are actually true or not. Guess we'll just have to keep being patient.  As for James, he refused to reveal which of his guests was the most obnoxious (he ate a scorpion instead!), but did say that Kylie was his least favourite Kardashian. The youngest sister was supposed to appear on Corden's show, but apparently backed out. "
79,"Meghan Markle Is Reportedly Moving Into Kensington Palace With Prince Harry  If reports are to be believed, then Meghan Markle could be about to give her current living sitch a royal upgrade. Literally.  The Daily Mail is reporting that Prince Harry, Meghan's ordinary and under-the-radar boyfriend,  is having an apartment in Kensington Palace renovated with the intention that he and Meghan live there together.  ""He [Prince Harry] keeps popping round and asking when it will be ready. He seems in a real hurry to move in with Meghan,"" a source told the Mail Online.  Harry currently lives in Nottingham Cottage, a two-bedroom house on the Kensington estate, but it seems he's in the market for an upscale. According to the reports, the apartment (which here doesn't mean 'a small house in an apartment block', but rather 'an entire wing of Kensington Palace, similar to Kate and Wills' 22-room house') is located next to Harry's brother and sister-in-law, meaning Meghan will also inherit some tiny neighbours in the form of Prince George and Princess Charlotte.  Meghan, 35, and Harry, 32, seems to be moving relatively quickly after getting together mid-last year. The two have already attending weddings together (something Kate and Wills didn't do until after they were engaged), met each other's families (and when your family includes the Queen of England, that's a relatively big deal) and told friends an engagement is on the way.  Maybe Meghan will be able to attend Pippa Middleton's 'no bling, no bring' wedding after all.  "
80,"You won't believe how much George, Amal Clooney are planning to spend on twins' delivery!  Hollywood actor George Clooney and wife Amal Clooney are reportedly spending more than $1 million to have a royal-like experience when Amal gives birth to their twins.  Earlier it was also reported that the 55-year-old actor had made a reservation for the entire Kensington wing at London’s Chelsea and Westminster Hospital.  The hospital wing George has booked is said to cost up to $588,000 for a week’s stay.  Amal is also said to be flying in two “birth companions” from Los Angeles which cost $30,000 and an Italian masseuse who charges $5,000.  The couple is known to be generous with money.  Earlier this month, the couple was reportedly giving their neighbours a 45,000 pounds as compensation package for the noise caused by the renovations to their estate.  If Amal Alamuddin can bag George Clooney, so can we!  The package was said to include a holiday to Corfu, a six-week stay in a luxury hotel and a 30,000 pounds lump sum. In addition, the Clooneys paid for their neighbours to rent a 780,000 pounds cottage.  "
81,"Chelsea Handler Has Nothing Nice to Say About Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)  Hoes over bros! Apparently, comedian Chelsea Handler takes that mantra to heart because she is ready to tear into her best friend, Jennifer Garner's ex, Ben Affleck. The 42-year-old is 100 percent #TeamJen in the Ben/Jen split — and honestly, can you blame her? In Touch has the exclusive scoop on what exactly Chelsea has in store for the Argo star.   Sources say Chelsea ""is foaming at the mouth wanting to publicly unload on her good friend’s lying and cheating estranged husband, Ben."" During a July 12 dinner with Jen (at the same restaurant where Ben took Lindsay six days earlier), ""Chelsea was focused on getting Jen’s blessing to go after Ben.""  Ben Affleck Jen Garner Getty Images (Photo Credit: Getty Images)  Much to Chelsea's disappointment, we're sure, it looks like her takedown of Ben is going to need to be put on hold. Understandably, Jen doesn't want any more unnecessary attention on her family. The source continues, ""But while Jen is extremely appreciative, she isn’t comfortable with it. She thinks it will just create more drama.”  MORE: Chelsea Handler Reveals BFF Jennifer Aniston's Feelings Towards Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's Divorce: ""It's So Stupid and Pathetic!""  This behavior isn't surprising coming from Chelsea. She was incredibly vocal about her support of friend Jennifer Aniston after her very public split from ex-husband, Brad Pitt.  While appearing on Watch What Happens Live she was asked what she'd do if ever stuck in an elevator with Angelina Jolie. ""I would just look up,” the late night host said. “Exactly what people do in elevators. You know when you fake look at the number because you don’t want to make eye contact. That would be exactly the elevator ride. And then I’d go, ‘Heyyy’ as I walked out. ‘Hey you.’”  Ouch — we can't wait to see what Chelsea has in store for Ben!   "
82,"Here's What Happened When Kim Kardashian Finally Revealed Her Identity To Her Surrogate  Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.  And have ya ever wondered what it must be like for this anonymous woman to be carrying a child for two of the most famous people on the planet?  Well, Kim Kardashian stopped by The Real this week, and she revealed something surprising: Her surrogate had no idea whose baby she would be carrying at first.  ""She didn't know at the beginning,"" Kim said. ""She didn't know.""   And Kim explained that she didn't actually HAVE to tell her, if she didn't want to: ""You could do it totally anonymously; you could go that route.""   But she ultimately decided to let her surrogate know who she was.    ""I just felt like I wanted whoever's carrying my baby...like, what if they weren't a fan of me or my husband, and what if they didn't want to be carrying our baby? I wanted to give them that choice.""   ""I wanted a relationship with her,"" Kim concluded.   Kim also told the story of how the woman reacted when she finally found out who had hired her, and it all sounds pretty perfect: She was really excited. She was someone that had watched the show [Keeping Up With the Kardashians] — not like a superfan or anything. That it would've been uncomfortable — but she had seen my struggle and seen how open I was about it. So she was really proud to do it and really excited. Uh, can you even imagine??? This woman's life must be WILD.    Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.   Kim also revealed (accidentally) to Ellen this week that the baby will be a girl. Very excited for a million adorbs pics of her on Instagram!!! "
83,"Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Maybe Got Secret-Married Last April  In September, Miley Cyrus told The Sun on Sunday that she and her fiancé Liam Hemsworth had no wedding plans anytime soon. ""I don’t envision marriage,"" she told The Sun on Sunday. ""I’m 24. I hope to get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]."" (Her mother Tish Cyrus made the same point when asked about a rumored Miley-Liam elopement in June, too.)  But, if this wild rumor from Australia’s NW Magazine is true (via The Sun and The Daily Mail), the lack of wedding plans may just be because Cyrus and Hemsworth already had their wedding. In April. A source told the outlet that ""six months ago, way back in late April,"" the two secretly had ""a very intimate ceremony at their house in Malibu. I'm told only a handful of people were there and they're still the only ones who know."" Hm…  Cyrus was first spotted wearing a wedding band-like ring in July.  She was recently photographed with Hemsworth wearing her band with her engagement ring:  Hemsworth was first photographed with one in August.  But People reports these are just promise rings. ""He [Liam] wears that ring as more of a 'promise' to Miley, but they are not officially married,"" a source told E! in August when Hemsworth's ring first debuted. ""The only thing that is missing is the legal piece of paper. The pair is not focused on planning a wedding at this time. They are more focused on making their love as strong as possible.""  But, given Hemsworth also publicly denied being engaged to Cyrus when Cyrus was probably engaged to him and definitely wearing his engagement ring in April 2016, only those two really know what’s going on. "
84,"Jennifer Aniston wants to set up a wellness centre  Jennifer Aniston wants to open a wellness centre in the future. The space would house treatments, as well as a healthy cafe.  ""My dream is to open a wellness centre. I have a fantasy where you have this beautiful space with facialists, rotating workouts, meditation classes, and a café with recipes that are healthier versions of delicious foods so you're not deprived,"" she told US Harper's Bazaar.  ""I'm working on it in my brain. Not to sound all woo-woo, but if you go out into the world with inner peace, you're more joyful. There's a life's-too-short policy that I now have with my work; no negative Nancies. So I'm looking forward to my facial.""  Aniston also shared her surprising tanning method - and, guaranteed, you probably have this ingredient at home.  ""Yes, [I use] baby oil and Coca-Cola, or some weird combination,"" she says. ""Being Greek, we love our tanning, but I've been on hiatus. And I miss it. It brought me a lot of happiness being able to lay out there and get that vitamin D, but I've become very comfortable with a good spray tan.""  Her friend and comedian Amy Sedaris, who conducted the interview, also shared her memories of Aniston's wedding to Justin Theroux.  ""Everything about that wedding was perfect,"" said Sedaris. ""Everyone was dressed like a bunch of woodland creatures, and your dress looked so beautiful and breezy. Justin [Theroux] asked me to be his best man two days before, and I was really scared. Jimmy Kimmel [who officiated at the nuptials] said, ""Amy, you have one job: Just hand me the rings separately."" Of course, I handed both to him."" "
85,"Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the Way?!?  Not everyone is a fan of Kim Kardashian and/or the books she pretends to write.  Just the other day, some 74-year old got arrested after vandalizing six copies of Kim's selfie-based memoir.  But we have a pretty strong feeling the only damage anyone will do to the tome discussed will be to spray one's sticky seed all over its page.  If you know what we mean.  According to one of the funniest Radar Online stories we've read in awhile, Kardashian is considering the release of a nude cookbook.  Yes, a nude cookbook. As in, a cookbook that features family recipes AND photos of Kim Kardashian nude.  We challenge anyone out there to come up with a better idea that a book that will enable readers to feed both their actual appetite and their sexual appetite at the same time.  A video report on Radar claims that ""Kim Kardashian has found a new way to line her pockets, even when she doesn't have any,"" adding by way of explanation:  ""The reality tart is pitching publishers on the idea of a cookbook in which she poses nude next to her favorite recipes.""  This may seem like a far-fetched concept, but ask yourself two things:  You don't need to tell us the answer to question number-one. We understand if you're a bit embarrassed to admit it.  But the answer to question number-two is revealed below:  Before you dismiss this idea as pure nonsense, allow us to direct your attention to David Thorpe's ""Rude Food.""  In that cookbook, the late photographer conjures images with subtle juxtapositions of attractive and tastefully nude models, along with an astonishing variety of foodstuffs.  Via Amazon, this allowed him ""to create the ultimate in humerous and safe innuendo.""  An anonymous insider tells Radar that Kardashian is convinced ""her concept will succeed because she thinks she's in the best shape of her life after having two children.""  She does look pretty good at the moment, don't you think?  Last week, The National Enquirer also alleged that Kim was considering a naked cookbook, writing that the wife of Kanye West wanted to show the world her ""generous cupcakes.""  By this, we assume the publication meant her ""very large breasts.""  For someone who has been out of the spotlight for months, ever since that scary armed robbery in Paris in early October, this would certainly be a way for Kardashian to get the world talking about her once again.  She could make the talk show rounds.  She could gain new social media followers.  She could recapture all the attention lost to sister Kylie Jenner.  We really don't see any drawbacks.  Moreover, come on... would this really be the most ridiculous idea for a book from a member of the Kardashian-Jenner family?  Considering the following releases, all of which are 100% real, it may actually be the best. "
86,"Selena Gomez’s New Puppy Helping Her Heal With ‘Love & Support’ After Kidney Transplant  Selena Gomez’s pooch is making her happier than ever and he’s helping her heal with ‘love and support’ after her kidney transplant, an expert revealed to HL EXCLUSIVELY. Find out why a dog’s affection is so magical!  Selena Gomez, 25, and The Weeknd’s, 27, puppy is more than a furry friend! The singer’s precious new pooch Charlie, an adorable Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, is likely helping Selena cope and heal after her kidney transplant. “They’re super smart and sweet, and I can definitely understand why she would have one as an emotional support animal as they bring a lot of love and comfort and they cuddle very well,” Certified Dog Trainer, Elisha Stynchula shared with HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “The King Charles Spaniel is such a beautiful dog especially as puppies. And, they won’t get any larger than about 20 pounds, so again, they’re amazing for cuddling.” Click here for more pics of The Weeknd and Selena.   ADVERTISING   “The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel is bred to be a companion,” she revealed about the breed’s behavior patterns. “I see that they are prone to separation anxiety because they bond very strongly with their humans. They’re essentially lap dogs, though they wouldn’t quite fall into the Toy category. Carrying it with her everywhere will make it tough for it to leave her if she ever needs to leave the house because they do get very attached.” Selena was last spotted holding tight to her precious brown and white dog on Sept. 15, while leaving the Chelsea apartment she shares with her loving boyfriend.  The “Fetish” singer recently made a heartbreaking confession, admitting that she received a kidney from her BFF, Francia Raisa, 29, over the summer and that’s why she was MIA. Due to her battle with Lupus, she had to get the surgery to improve her health. While she heals, Selena and The Weeknd have been loving getting to know their new pup and they’ve clearly formed a bond. He even shared a hilarious video of Charlie chewing on his sneakers and joked, “not the kicks fam.” As we previously reported, The Weeknd majorly stepped in to be a support system for Selena, so she’s surrounded by love!  Selena Gomez Puppy Helps Heal  HollywoodLifers, are you obsessed with Selena’s adorable puppy too?! Tell us, below! "
87,"Kitesurfing, Lunch with Bono, Golfing in Hawaii: All About the Obamas' Life Now  They've broken free of the White House bubble and they're not looking back.  Barack and Michelle Obama have been keeping busy since leaving office nearly two months ago, and as the former president's new go-to leather jacket might suggest, it's been more play than work (although they've also managed to squeeze in book deals, surprise school visits and meetings on Obama's presidential library and foundation).  As the former first couple have been settling into their new 8,200-square-foot home in Washington, D.C., they've been exploring the city in a whole new way, including a recent visit to the National Gallery of Art that ended with a round of applause from fellow museum-goers.  This was also the first time Obama was spotted wearing his sleek brown leather jacket and new and improved dad jeans - both of which have earned rave reviews from the PEOPLE style team.  RELATED VIDEO: Barack Obama's Favorite Jackets Have One Thing In Common  But the Obamas have also been making plenty of time for travel.  Their adventures started on Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, when they took their final flight aboard an Air Force presidential jet - straight to Palm Springs. After spending the weekend there with daughters Malia, 18, and Sasha, 15, the former president and first lady continued on their own to Richard Branson's private island retreat in the British Virgin Islands.  The couple spent 10 days on the Virgin Group founder's Necker Island, where the former president tried kitesurfing for the first time - on a dare from his pal Branson.  ""We decided to set up a friendly challenge: could Barack learn to kitesurf before I learned to foilboard?"" Branson wrote in a post on the Virgin website. ""We agreed to have a final day battle to see who could stay up the longest.""  More recently, the Obamas visited New York City, where they had lunch with musician and activist Bono at Upland restaurant in Manhattan.  A source told PEOPLE at the time that, as Bono and the Obamas walked out of the eatery, ""the whole restaurant stood up and applauded and cheered for them. Barack Obama waved at everyone upon leaving.""  And as he has in all of his post-White House outings, the former president looked relaxed and happy as he left the restaurant with a wide smile, wearing a sleek black suit and white shirt with the top few buttons undone.  FROM COINAGE: This Is How Much It Would Cost to Paint the White House (And More Crazy Facts)  While in town, Obama also took his older daughter, Malia, to dinner and a show. The father-daughter duo dined at Emilio's Ballato, an Italian restaurant in Soho, before attending a revival of Arthur Miller's The Price on Broadway, starring Danny DeVito and Mark Ruffalo.  They even popped backstage to meet some of the stars.  Obama's new life also gives him plenty of time for one of his favorite pastimes: golf. During his first post-presidency trip to his native Hawaii this week, Obama played a few rounds of golf at the Mid Pacific Country Club and took in a meal at Buzz's Steakhouse in Kailua - all with minimal security.  Obama wore a white polo and blue shorts for his golf outing, as well as his new favorite accessory: a big grin. "
88,"Prince William & Kate Attend First Royal Garden Party of the Season  With warm weather comes one thing: garden parties!  You better believe the royals were out and dressed to the nines to celebrate the beginning of the official season earlier today.  Kate Middleton and Prince William mingled with guests at the lavish daytime affair and smiled for the crowd as they posed for their official photographs.  The Duchess of Cambridge donned a Christopher Kane coat dress and paired it with a sophisticated John Lock and Co. hat that perfectly matched the baby blue satin.  Photos Queen Elizabeth II's Royal Style Through the Years Nearby, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip hobnobbed with approximately 8,000 lucky party attendees as well and appeared to be in great spirits.  Per the palace, today's bash was quite the event to remember. Almost 27,000 cups of tea were served to those in attendance and around 20,000 tea sandwiches were consumed.  Still hungry? Worry not, there was plenty of dessert to nosh on—specifically, 20,000 slices of cake. More garden parties are expected on the official royal calendar in between May 23 and June 1, so we'll be seeing fascinators galore in no time flat.  But speaking of fancy royal garb, there's a big event coming up in a few days that's bound to be filled with stunning couture—Pippa Middleton's wedding!  Kate's younger sister is tying the knot on Saturday to James Matthews and several family members are expected to attend.  Looks like it's only a matter of time before we see what they'll all be wearing!  "
89,"Nicki Minaj Did NOT Wear Hot Pants And Crop Top To Serena Williams’ Wedding, Despite Report   Nicki Minaj did not wear hot pants and a crop top to Serena Williams’ wedding, despite a bogus report based on a photoshopped image. For starters, the rapper didn’t even attend the tennis star’s nuptials. Gossip Cop can set the record straight. Williams got married to internet entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian in front of friends and family in New Orleans on Thursday. The guest list included many celebrities, including Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna Wintour, Ciara and Eva Longoria. Minaj wasn’t in attendance, but the Irish website Her posted a doctored Instagram photo that shows her posing at the party with Beyonce and Rihanna. The site titled its inaccurate article, “What Nicki Minaj wore to Serena Williams’ wedding is not really OK,” and says the singer showed up to the ceremony sporting “white leather hotpants and a crop top.” The misinformed outlet insists Minaj’s outfit was “kinda too much,” further maintaining that she “very much overstepped a wedding etiquette line.” But the site’s opinion about the rapper’s attire is completely moot. Neither Minaj or Rihanna were at the tennis player’s wedding. Both music stars were superimposed into a photo of Beyonce posing alone at the ceremony. It’s unclear if the Irish outlet is trying to trick its readers or get duped by the fake image itself, but Minaj didn’t wear an inappropriate outfit to Williams’ wedding, which she didn’t attend. It should be noted, Gossip Cop has had to debunk several false stories surrounding the tennis star’s nuptials in the short time since she walked down the aisle. We recently busted HollywoodLife for fabricating a report about Beyonce and Kardashian having an “icy exchange” at the wedding. Gossip Cop also called out RadarOnline for making up a story about Kardashian getting yelled at for using her phone at Williams’ wedding. This latest article related to the event is similarly phony. "
90,"Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the gossip about Joe Alwyn, Kanye West and Tom Hiddleston  In the preface of her two Reputation-themed magazines, which feature photos, poetry and hand-written lyrics to celebrate the release of her sixth album, Swift lamented the inevitable news stories that guess at the targets of her lyrics.  “When this album comes out, gossip blogs will scour the lyrics for the men they can attribute to each song, as if the inspiration for music is as simple and basic as a paternity test,” she wrote. “There will be slideshows of photos backing up each incorrect theory, because it’s 2017 and if you didn’t see a picture of it, it couldn’t have happened right?”  Yet, even with its controversy-winking title, Reputation is probably the least-gossipy release of Swift’s career. Instead of an array of songs potentially referencing different ex-lovers, the majority of Reputation is dedicated to a single subject, whom Swift is still (as far as fans know) happily dating.  The allusions to Swift’s past dramas are few and far between, and when they do show up on Reputation, they make for some of the album’s very best songs. Swift steers clear of Katy Perry and squad drama and bashing her exes, keeping her apologies short, and list of enemies shorter.  More: Taylor Swift, pop princess, wins song of the year at the CMA Awards  Swift is a master at chronicling her soured relationships, with many of her finest songs memorializing (and sometimes flaming) her exes. So what happens when Swift writes an album about a person she’s still into? That’s the story of Reputation, and the British actor Joe Alwyn, whom Swift has been spotted with over the past year, is the man at its center.  “Oh, 25 years old / Oh, how were you to know,” Swift sings on Dancing With Our Hands Tied, referencing Alwyn’s age at the time she wrote the album (he's 26 now). The “ocean blue eyes” Swift sings about on Gorgeous almost certainly belong to Alwyn, a motif that repeats on Dancing With Our Hands Tied (“Deep blue, but you painted me golden”) and Delicate (“Oh damn, never seen that color blue”). Swift also mentions his British roots in Gorgeous when she sings, “You should take it as a compliment that I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk,” calling herself his “American queen” on King Of My Heart and teasing, “Do the girls back home touch you like I do?” on Delicate.  And beyond songs like Gorgeous and Delicate that deliberately reference Alwyn, Swift spends the majority of Reputation lusting after, falling in love with and eventually pledging her loyalty to her new beau, the most time she’s ever spent on a romantic upswing on one of her albums.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West (and her squad)  Swift came out of the gate swinging on Reputation's lead single Look What You Made Me Do, with lyrics like ""I don’t like your little games / Don’t like your tilted stage"" that seemed directed at West, the rapper who reignited their feud when he unceremoniously included Swift's name in his Famous lyrics.  With an album title like Reputation, fans speculated whether the entire album would be a vindictive screed aimed at Swift's enemies. Turns out, Look What You Made Me Do was a red herring, and West barely makes an appearance in the album's lyrics, save for one other song in which Swift laughing at the rapper as she dances on his grave.  The album's third-to-last track, This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things, is a postmortem of Swift's 1989 era, when she partied with her squad members on Instagram and was buddy-buddy with West, before 2016 arrived and Swift's public persona took a hit.  ""It was so nice throwing big parties / Jump into the pool from the balcony,"" Swift begins, remembering ""feeling so Gatsby for that whole year"" before she gets to the chorus, singing with a smirk in her voice, ""This is why we can’t have nice things, darling / Because you break them.""  Then, it's West's turn. ""It was so nice being friends again / There I was giving you a second chance / But you stabbed me in the back while shaking my hand,"" she sings, referencing their fateful phone call about Famous that West's camp recorded and later posted to smear her as duplicitous.  ""But I’m not the only friend you’ve lost lately / If only you weren’t so shady,"" she continues, raising a toast to her real friends, her mother, and then eventually to West. ""And here’s to you, 'cause forgiveness is a nice thing to do,"" she says, before breaking down in giggles, saying, ""I can’t even say it with a straight face!""  This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things may be an enjoyable slice of pettiness, but the album's crown jewel of gossip is Getaway Car, which sees Swift in full storyteller mode as she chronicles using one doomed relationship to escape another.  With lyrics like “I wanted to leave him, I needed a reason” and ""With three of us, honey, it’s a sideshow,"" the song seems to reference the several months in 2016 when Swift parted ways with Calvin Harris and dated Tom Hiddleston immediately after, before eventually splitting with him too. To follow the song's metaphor, Hiddleston is the getaway car driver who whisks Swift away from another man (""Well he was running after us / I was screaming ‘Go go go!'"").  In the end, she leaves him too, escaping with the fortune and singing, ""I put the money in a bag and stole the keys / That was the last time you ever saw me.""  Swift may not want fans to linger on the gossip behind her songs, but when it's as wonderfully told as Getaway Car, honestly, who can blame them? "
91,"Yes, Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Are Signing A Prenup, But Guess Who Is Worth More  The fact that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West plan to sign a prenuptial agreement probably won't come as a surprise to many, but recent claims on who is worth more probably will.  TMZ reported Kardashian and West will sign a prenup to keep their assets separate and form a joint account for living expenses. While other reports have pegged West's net worth about $100 million and Kardashian's about $40 million, TMZ says, ""[W]e're told Kim's actually worth more than Kanye.""  The ""Yeezus"" star may fancy himself a genius, but could Kardashian's celebrity brand be bringing in more dough?  The exact sum of their net worths might be unclear, but Forbes offers some information on their annual earnings thus far. According to those figures, however, the singer is still ahead of the reality starlet.  Currently, West ranks at No. 59 on Forbes' ""Celebrity 100"" list. As of June 2013, he has made $20 million. Forbes notes that his new album and tour will certainly increase this amount.  Meanwhile, Forbes ranks Kardashian at No. 66. As of June 2013, she has made $10 million from her reality show and business ventures. However, this is much lower than what she made in 2012 from cash related to her 72-day marriage to Kris Humphries. Another (made-for-TV?) wedding could be just the thing to boost that bank account back up.  On Thursday night, Kimye made their first public appearance since their engagement. They looked blissfully happy at Spago in Beverly Hills for the Dream for Future Africa Foundation Inaugural Gala, and Kardashian wasn't shy about flashing her 15-carat engagement ring for the paparazzi. "
92,"Billy Bush officially sacked from NBC Today show after leaked lewd Donald Trump tape scandal  Bush was suspended at the morning show two days after contents of the 2005 tape were reported on October 7.  NBC and Bush's representatives had been negotiating terms of his exit before Monday's announcement.  On the tape, Bush is heard laughing as Trump talks about fame enabling him to grope and try to have sex with women not his wife. Bush later said he was ""embarrassed and ashamed."" Trump has since denied groping women.  Bush, who had been at Today for two months, is the nephew of Republican former President George H.W. Bush.  NBC made the announcement of his firing in a note from Today show top executive Noah Oppenheim to his staff. Oppenheim called Bush, who spent 15 years at Access Hollywood, ""a valued colleague and longtime member of the broader NBC family. We wish him success as he goes forward.""  Bush, a 44-year-old father of three, said that he was ""deeply grateful for the conversations I've had with my daughters, and for all of the support from family, friends and colleagues. I look forward to what lies ahead.""  The settlement with NBC did not include a non-compete clause, meaning Bush ""is a free agent,"" said his lawyer, Marshall Grossman. Financial terms of the deal were kept confidential.  TMZ reports that Bush had just joined NBC's flagship show in August, signing a three-year deal for $3.5 million per year. He was tipped to receive millions in his settlement with NBC.  In the 2005 tape, which was first revealed by The Washington Post, Trump discusses unsuccessfully seeking an affair with another Access Hollywood employee, Nancy O'Dell. Trump said that when he was attracted to beautiful women ""I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet."" He said that when you're a star, women let you. ""Grab them by the p----. You can do anything,"" Trump added.  The two men discussed an actor who was waiting from at the end of the bus ride. When they got off, Bush urged the woman to hug Trump and added, ""how about a little hug for the Bushy?"" Trump said in the second presidential debate that he never did any of the actions heard on the tape, which he described as locker room talk. But a number of women have since come forward and said that Trump had surprised them in the past by groping or unexpectedly kissing them on the lips.  In an interview with CNN on Monday, Trump's wife, Melania, said that her husband was ""egged on"" by Bush in the conversation. ""I wonder if they even knew the mic was on,"" Melania Trump said, referring to her husband and Bush. She said they were involved in ""boy talk, and he was led on - like egged on - from the host to say dirty and bad stuff."" Asked to comment, Grossman said, ""I thought that Donald Trump would claim that he was not on the bus."" "
93,"This Is What Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys  Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)  Of course, this move is a statement, and not a subtle one at that. TMZ reportedly spoke to a source that said Justin ""doesn't think the Grammys are relevant or representative, especially when it comes to young singers.""  Regardless, choosing not to show up to an award show for which you have received multiple nominations, and then to highlight that fact by doing something so overtly casual is pretty suspect.  However, this wasn't the only questionable act that went down on Justin's Instagram Live feed this weeknd. He also posted a video in which you hear someone ask him, ""Favorite song at the moment?"" He pauses, and then replies: ""'Starboy,' by The Weeknd,"" before bursting out into laughter, making it clear that the comment was sarcastic. You then hear the second voice in the video say: ""We've gotta end it now. That was too funny.""  But we beg to differ, especially as it's not the first time Justin's taken a swipe at his fellow artist - and it's that consistency that is concerning. This past January, he called The Weeknd's music ""whack,"" so we already knew he wasn't exactly a fan. It's a significant comment mostly because it appears to be a bitter snide from an ex. As we all know, Selena Gomez has been spotted with The Weeknd, and though their relationship hasn't been officially confirmed, there's enough evidence – Justin's response included – to speculate that the two are an item.  Dissing a fellow artist for no reason- and especially when the question posed was open-ended and positive - isn't cool. Doing it to your ex's new partner is as petty as petty gets. If nothing else, it's shown us that Justin has more #feelings about the situation than we realized. "
94,"Brad Pitt's Side of the Story: He 'Did Not Hit' Maddox as Plane Fight with Angelina Jolie 'Got Out of Hand,' Says Source  Brad Pitt did not strike his son Maddox during a heated mid-flight argument with Angelina Jolie last week, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.  Pitt is accused of being ""verbally abusive"" and getting ""physical"" with one of his children on the family's private plane last Wednesday, a source previously told PEOPLE.  The L.A. County Department of Children and Family Services is investigating the 52-year-old after the alleged incident was reported to them anonymously. The case has also been referred to the FBI under special aircraft jurisdiction due to the incident being mid-flight.  ""The FBI is continuing to gather facts and will evaluate whether an investigation at the federal level will be pursued,"" the FBI said in a statement.  Now the source with knowledge of the incident is speaking exclusively to PEOPLE about Pitt's side of the story.  Pitt ""was drunk, and there was an argument between him and Angelina,"" says the source. ""There was a parent-child argument which was not handled in the right way and escalated more than it should have.""  The source says Pitt did not hurt his son. ""He is emphatic that it did not reach the level of physical abuse, that no one was physically harmed. He did not hit his child in the face in any way. He did not do that; he is emphatic about that. He put his hands on him, yes, because the confrontation was spiraling out of control.""  ""Brad made contact with Maddox in the shoulder area, and there was absolutely no physical injury to him.""  A source close to Pitt says any accusations beyond that are ""a combination of exaggerations and lies. They have taken the overall smallest kernel of truth – that a fight got out of hand and reached a regrettable peak, and that as a result DCFS is looking into it – and they are manipulating it to best suit their attempts to gain custody."" "
95,"Khloe Kardashian slams haters who've been trolling her since OJ Simpson was granted parole  Khloe Kardashian has no time for haters.  Following news that Kardashian family friend O.J. Simpson was granted parole on Thursday, users began flooding the reality star's social media accounts with messages of hate, bringing back to light the speculation that the former NFL star is her real father.     A Message from Bank of New York Selling a Business: Preparing for the Windfall There is no hard-and-fast rules on what to do with the wealth from a business sale - it's more of an art than a science. Click to learn more about the careful planning...   Cyber bullies didn't hold back, writing things like, ""OJ runnin' right back into ya life #DaddysHome,"" ""You're definitely OJ Simpson's child"" and ""Stop taking selfies and go see your dad!""  Others had her back, reminding the haters how hurtful it was to leave comments like this as her actual father, Robert Kardashian, who was one of Simpson's defense attorneys in the infamous 1995 murder trial, died in 2003. Simpson was found not guilty for the murders of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman.  ""The comments under Khloe's picture is sick,"" a fan on Twitter wrote. ""I'm so hurt she needs to deal with this all. Robert Kardashian is her father, leave her in peace.""  Khloe responded to the tweet, writing, ""People are a**holes but I don't care lol I focus on the good.""  Another fan chimed in and said, ""People are legit f**ked and it makes me angry.""  ""They are all f**ked lol such as**oles,"" Khloe wrote. ""Hehe oh well.... I'm happy and they hatin.""  As ET previously reported, Simpson was granted parole while at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock, Nevada, where he appeared live via video teleconference in front of the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners in Carson City. The decision was handed down by parole commissioners Connie S. Bisbee, Tony Corda, Adam Endel and Susan Jackson, the same four board members who granted Simpson parole at his July 2013 hearing on his kidnapping, robbery and burglary charges.  During his parole hearing, Simpson said he has lived a largely conflict-free life, and that he had done ""his time.""  WATCH: OJ Simpson Granted Parole  ""I've always been a giving guy, even on the streets, people have always come up to me,"" Simpson said, stressing that he's continually served as a peacekeeper in jail among other inmates. ""Right now, I'm at a point in my life where I just want to spend as much time with my children and my friends. I'm not looking to be involved with the media. I'm not interested in any of that. I've done my time. I've done it as well and as respectfully as I possibly can."" "
96,"Anorexic Angelina Jolie Wasting Away  Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!  “She’s refusing to eat!” one concerned insider told The National ENQUIRER. “Angie weighs just 82 pounds and looks absolutely anorexic. If something isn’t done soon, she’ll waste away to nothing!  “There’s no meat on her bones, her eyes are sunken into their sockets and her arms and legs are achingly skinny!”  PHOTOS: Wasting Away! Angelina Jolie Skinnier Than Ever In Shocking New Photos  Angie’s skeletal frame at the L.A. premiere of “Kung Fu Panda 3” on Jan. 16 shocked fans everywhere.  Now it’s time for her loved ones, including husband Brad Pitt, to act!  “They need to make Angie understand the dire straits she’s in,” the insider said. “Her health situation is going from serious to dire!”  Added Franci Cohen, a New York City nutritionist: “If she keeps pushing boundaries, her body will shut completely down without further warning.”  After viewing pics of Angie at the event, Dr. Art Mollen of the Mollen Clinic in Scottsdale, Ariz., said he’d “immediately” admit a person in her condition to an inpatient behavioral treatment center.  “This requires a multi-disciplined approach including psychiatrists, cardiologists, nutritionists and even the family to save the person’s life,” Dr. Mollen noted.  “Anyone who has a significantly low body weight like this and consistently abuses their body in this way can cause his or herself major harm,” he explained.  Her prognosis “would have to be guarded at best. Any time I see a person suffering with what appears to be anorexia, there are deep-seated problems, whether it’s in the marriage or elsewhere.”  Angie, 40, has continually ignored her health as she focuses on her career and humanitarian work, as The ENQUIRER has reported.  PHOTOS: How Will The Stars Look As Time Goes By  But Angie refuses to “slow down her hectic lifestyle” — although docs have told her she could be a prime candidate to develop cancer if she doesn’t look after her health — and even warned her, “You will die!” — a source said.  The mom of six underwent a preventive double mastectomy in 2013. She’s since also had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed.  Those surgeries forced her body into early menopause — putting her at a greater risk of a wide array of life-threatening ailments, including cardiovascular and neurological diseases.  “Sometimes she goes a full day without eating a solid meal, and other days sleeps until late afternoon because she’s so worn out,” said one worried pal.  Another source said: “She looks incredibly gaunt, her skin is practically translucent. Her hair has thinned out. She looks terribly ill.”  Medical expert Dr. Stuart Fischer said he believes Angie is suffering from cachexia, a wasting syndrome that can dramatically increase the chance of death from an underlying condition.  Brad, 52, is alarmed by his wife’s appearance, sources said, and has consulted with therapists, dietitians and other experts to help Angie. But she refuses to slow down or take care of herself — even though she’s so underweight she suffers dizzy spells!  “He’s at the end of his rope,” a source said.  It’s time for Angie’s nearest and dearest to stage an intervention, and convince her to get help — before it’s too late — insiders said.  "
97,"Kim and Kanye's marriage on the rocks as she's pictured WITHOUT wedding ring  FRIENDS say Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s marriage is over.  US reality star Kim, 36, ditched her wedding ring as her relationship with the rapper hit rock bottom.  Kim ordered husband Kanye to stay away from her family’s traditional Christmas Eve bash, friends revealed last night.  Her wedding finger was bare on Saturday night as she partied with her mum and sisters at their annual festive gathering in LA.  Troubled rapper Kanye, 39, instead went to the cinema with friends.  But he then defied Kim’s warning by making a late appearance at the event.  However, she is said to have blanked her husband and insiders last night claimed their two-year marriage is “as good as over”.     Kendall Jenner says family are praying for Kanye West's recovery  It comes at the end of a nightmare 2016 for the couple which saw Kim, 36, robbed at gunpoint in Paris in October and Kanye hospitalised a month later after a mental breakdown.  The pair put on a united front with their daughter North, three, at a ­performance of The Nutcracker ballet at an LA theatre on Friday.  However, onlookers revealed the ­couple — who also have a year-old son Saint — barely spoke to each other.  A source said: “Kim and Kanye’s marriage is as good as over. It’s looking bleak.  ""She didn’t want Kanye at her mum’s Christmas bash this year, as she felt it was the first time she could really let her hair down.  “But he made a late show and spent the last hour just sitting on the couch talking to Scott Disick [dad of Kourtney’s kids] — he was a total wallflower.  “On Friday they took North to see The Nutcracker but they barely spoke or interacted inside.  ""The tensions were  visible. Neither of them are in a happy place right now.  “He spent Christmas morning at Kris’ [Kim’s mum] to make things as normal for the kids as possible, but it’s just a matter of timing.  ""The only thing that might keep them together is the kids.”     New video of Kanye West ranting before he stops Sacramento gig early  Kim, who wore a gold dress at the Christmas Eve party in Calabasas, blew kisses in a video shared on her sister Khloe’s Snapchat account.  She was also sporting a new lip ring but her wedding band was off.  In the video, Khloe, 32, can be heard saying: “How dope is my f***ing sister? Look at this dress. And look at the jewellery. You are a bad*** bitch, Kim.”  The US reality star has barely been seen in public since her Paris ordeal, when she was bound and robbed at gunpoint in a reported £8.5million heist.  Kanye has cancelled all tour dates after coming out of hospital at the end of November.  He suffered a mental breakdown, with a cousin claiming he has “stopped trusting people”.  Lawrence Franklin claimed last week Kanye’s decline started after he paid £200,000 to a relative who was threatening to leak a sex tape of him.  Kim and Kanye have  also reportedly been  in counselling while the rapper is  receiving therapy.  Kim is said to be still angry after Kanye flew to New York for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump within hours of leaving hospital.  A source said: “It was the worst thing that he has ever done in her eyes. When she tried to get him to call it off and come home, he refused.”  Any break-up is likely to lead to a complicated split of Kanye’s fortune, estimated by Forbes to be £145million. "
98,"Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game  As The Weeknd reconnects with his ex, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez continues her string of appearances with Justin Bieber. Last night, she supported the Canadian pop star at his hockey game in LA (for the second time). And the two took the PDA to the next level: they were spotted kissing at the rink.  Though the two haven't personally confirmed the reports that they're back together, this marks the first time they've been seen kissing since they started hanging out again.  Gomez also had some company—she brought along the puppy she and The Weeknd got together. She carried around the pup, Charlie, and played with him in the rink as Bieber took the ice.  Selena just adopted the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel in September. She and her then-boyfriend, The Weeknd (AKA Abel Tesfaye) were spotted at a New York City pet store playing with the dog before taking him home. Since then, Charlie occasionally tagged along for the former couple's candid appearances. It looks like Selena got custody of the pet after she and Tesfaye broke up at the end of October.  In recent weeks, Gomez and Bieber have made numerous joint public appearances, which began even before it was announced that she split with the R&B star. One sighting also took place at one of Bieber's hockey games, which took place just two days after Gomez and Tesfaye's breakup was reported. During that appearance, Gomez cheered on Bieber from the stands, and later left with him while wearing his hockey jersey. There was also this cute PDA moment:  For last night's game, however, she drove home alone (except Charlie was also in the car).  Bieber and Gomez are reportedly back together, but despite the frequent joint appearances, sources say the couple is trying to take it slow. ""They just backed off a little from being out there and are being a bit more low-key,"" sources told People.    Whether or not The Weeknd is trying to rekindle is old romance with Bella Hadid, Gomez seems completely unbothered.    "
99,"Heartbroken Jennifer Aniston Runs For The Border To Adopt  Jennifer Aniston is looking to adopt a baby from south of the border - just weeks after The National ENQUIRER revealed her heartbreak over her estranged brother announcing that he was becoming a father yet again!  And the decision to head into Mexico for a baby was made easier by the years she's spent doing charity work for The Casa Hogar Sion Orphanage in Tijuana!  The ENQUIRER first discovered Jennifer helping out the kids of the Tijuana orphanage back in 2010. ""When you drive up to this place,"" said Jen, ""you see these kids come running out and you hear a chorus of, 'La, la, la, la!'""  But the former ""Friends"" star has endured a number of frustrating attempts to get pregnant with her own child.  Jen, 47, even froze a number of her eggs shortly before she turned 39 on Feb. 11, 2008.  Now her 2015 marriage to Justin Theroux has the newlywed celeb ready to look at the orphanage in a whole different light!  Carmen Gonzalez, who operates the orphanage, told the UK's ""Heat"" magazine: ""I am very happy. I wish that I could speak more about it, but, because of the rules we have to operate under, I can't.""  But other insiders are reporting that they're hoping that Jennifer will finally return from a trip to Tijuana with a baby of her own!  Meanwhile, A.J. is still anticipating the birth of his next child. Her sibling may not even know about Jennifer's plan to adopt. A.J. has no use for his famous sister's fame - adding: ""It's been a pain in my ass for years!"" "
